#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Noone is secured to have job or economic security, and ordinary citizens who worked hard for a living and save a lot for their   retirement  , ended up a victim. How could we be sure that our   children  's children will have the same opportunity as we do- having adequate medical insurance because of our job or financial status? Life changes and the economic cycle change, and with this American   economy   is also floundering, hence, the number of unemployed and uninsured Americans continues to rise. Inspite of our advancement in   health     technology  , the uninsured still do not receive the same level of care as the insured. Nearly two-thirds of these uninsured adults do not have access to medical care, thus increasing health and   health care   disparities, as well as health care costs. They often come to the emergency departments with life-threatening illnesses for they could not receive the preventative care nor proper treatment for their chronic illness (i.e. lung disease, high blood pressure, and or diabetes). The US can no longer afford to sacrifice a major portion of its citizenry to inadequate, substandard access to health care.Providing universal access to health care in America would be a major step in improving and removing the disparities of both health and health care currently reflected in our health care system. Both politically and fiscally, a national   health insurance   could not only improve medical care for the poor but also for the majority of insured Americans. UHC plan based its argument on the premise that the health care system can be cured by taking the profit motive out of the system - as other countries do. The current HMO/PPO bureaucracy consumes almost 30% of all the dues designated for health care, to echelon of administrative bureaucracy. Insurance companies have entire departments whose only function is to find ways to deny payment. Conversely, hospitals have entire departments trying to be paid from insurance companies - now that is a waste of precious resources. By reducing this bulging bureaucracy, an estimated $140 billion could be saved annually, leaving more than enough funding for the uninsured and the underinsured. A recent study evaluating the California Health Service Plan (CHSP) has shown that a single government payer linked to public authority and accountability can effectively finance health care and significantly save on health care spending, while improving the health of the population This will make health care  affordable, cheaper and provide access for all.