#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Hell no!
#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
As an American I am nauseated, and not a little, about the typical Americans’ sentiment of US holiness. And I find it quite extraordinary that an Englishman has a better sense of discernment about the US than most citizens of the US. America is wrongly held up as a beacon of hope and liberty and something to strive for for developing nations, and that annoys the crap out of me. It annoys me that what is considered the most powerful and free country in the world..And yes, it annoys me that citizens of a country that continually talks about freedom and liberty can't be bothered to give a few dollars out of their pay packet (though, they would be paying less, but we'll ignore that for now and assume that it would cost you a bit extra) to ensure that everyone, rich or poor, can get healthcare treatment when they need it.Healthcare reform that seeks to trample upon both liberty and freedom is the antithesis of the inalienable rights of Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness. If group A decides that its happiness is Sample B of Healthcare reform, they have no right whatsoever to use their rights of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to trample everyone else’s right of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to not consent to sample B of Healthcare reform. Or stated another way, no man has the liberty and freedom to trample another man’s liberty, freedom, and pursuit of happiness. Ergo, that is why the proposed legislation of Healthcare reform is so hotly debated in the US. The people of United States of America should never seek to impinge another man’s rights of life, liberty, or pursuit of happiness, by imposing their will upon their fellow man for the sake of legislated compassion. And any people who take upon themselves this god-like mandate of legislating ‘loving thy neighbor’ better take in to account that their version of altruism may be the pinnacle of tyranny.My solution to the healthcare issues that plague the US:Eliminate health insurance! It’s simple and subtle, but far reaching. I’ll explain in greater detail if you so request.