#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"GDP is a GROSS measurement, and as seen in the above article Canadian systems SPEND less than US systems yet this doesn't even prevent them from COSTING less. "Please see above. GDP includes both private and Government expenditure."I explained why GDPs with each nation are GROSS measurements and thus would need to be adjusted for different sizes in economies before you can draw conclusions." When America spends a greater PROPORTION of its Gross Domestic Product on health care than other countries, and when America has the largest economy in the whole world, it suggests that America is not getting a good deal for health care because it's paying more and getting less.Finally, there is a difference between arguing a point and making an assertion or providing a link."I've pointed out several times already that the tiny 2-year difference you keep touting is not only to little to call for scrapping out entire system but also have pointed out that in no instance have you ever offset other factors of a given nation that affect life expectancy.."But then, neither have you, except for suggesting some genetic differences. Now, however, you make some suggestions."which include dietary choices",Where is your evidence that Americans make different dietary choices to Canadians, Australians and the British? "how active the typical American lifestyle is",Where is your evidence that Americans have a more sedentary lifestyle than Canadians, Australians and the British?"crime rates (like murder)", There is evidence that there is more gun crime in America. Perhaps you should attempt to quantify it if you want to argue that this helps to explain some of the difference in life expectancy."accidental deaths (car crashes for instance)", Where is your evidence that there are more car crashes per capita in America than in Canada, Australia and Great Britain? Where is your evidence that there are more accidental deaths per capita in America than the other three countries?"you name it".No. If you want to argue a case, you name it."Despite the fact that all these need to be taken into account you INSIST that your precious 2-year difference justifies the government takeover of our entire healthcare system." Not at all. A universal medical scheme does not have to take over everything. I can't speak for Canada but it's certainly not the case in Australia. Your fears are not justified.