#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Socialistbetty's reply to my commentary exposes the fundamental philosophical choice America faces...collectivism or individualism. Due to the importance of this conflict to America's future, and with space being limited here, I have written a detailed response and posted it to my blog at:  http://principledperspectives.blogspot.com/2009/01/rebutting-socialistbetty-point-by-point.html  But let me make these points.Socialistbetty distorts the meaning of that glorious phrase; all men are created equal. The equality of all men (and women) refers to the unalienable rights of each individual to his life, liberty, property, and pursuit of his own welfare and happiness. Those rights are possessed equally, at all times, by all people, under all circumstances, protected equally by government; they can be forfeited only by violating the same rights of another. These rights are not a guarantee of the material success of any individual, only the right to take the actions that one deems necessary to achieve material success through one's own productive efforts and in voluntary association and trade with others. The equality of all men under the law is the essence of capitalism.Since all rights are unalienable, the violation of the rights of one single person necessarily negates the same rights of everyone else, including each and every individual member of any group such as the "collective", the "herd", the "masses" and "society". And if no one possesses rights, then the state is all-powerful. This is the totalitarian premise, the ultimate logical consequence of which is Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany.  If this is the ideal Socialistbetty is going to embrace, then she should have the courage to openly admit it, rather than claim the lie that "the masses" can benefit under a slave state. At least, though, I give her credit for acknowledging that "universal healthcare" is slavery. No other advocate of socialized medicine that I know of has ever admitted the obvious fact that they are calling for "the enslavement of a small group"...the doctors (among others).The view of man the individual (my view) as the standard of value with regard to social organization is an historically recent discovery that is consistent with the metaphysical facts of nature and, thus, leads logically to capitalistic freedom. The collectivist premise (her view) is a primitive, mystical doctrine that dismisses actual, individual human beings as valueless, sacrificial fodder for the "needs" of some "higher power". Modern collectivism merely replaces a supernatural God as that power with some group called the "proletariat", "society", "the masses", the "master race", etc., to which the individual is subordinate, and which leads logically to totalitarianism. Reason and observation will show you why it's a good idea to have a healthy society of free individuals, not a collectivized slave state. 