#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Private Health care
#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
The Case Against Universal Health CareWhy UHC is WrongUniversal Health Care is unconstitutional. As with many of the social programs that we allow to continue in violation of the Constitution; the Legislative, Executive and Judicial branches of the government have no authority to redistribute wealth regardless of the purpose. Most people believe that the Constitution does in fact give the government the right to impose social programs. They derive this belief from two separate, but similar clauses. The first comes from the Preamble which says; “We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.” It is the phrase “promote the general welfare” that people often quote as the power to create social programs. In actuality, the Preamble does not give any branch the authority to do anything. The reality is, the Preamble is a guideline for the three branches. You could translate the Preamble to like this:More perfect Union = Better than EnglandEstablish Justice = Establish JusticeInsure domestic Tranquility = Peaceful Provide for the common defence = one army to defend (i.e. not controlling)Promote the general Welfare = all laws/regulations should not harm the countrySecure the Blessing of Liberty = Freedom for AllIf the government followed those guidelines for every law/regulation they form, they will be on their way to being Constitutional. However, the federal government must use Article 1, Section 8 to derive their powers. In fact, Article 1, Section 8 is where we find the second common misconception. This is where each power is enumerated to the Congress. The first clause states: “The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;”. We see here that a large part of the Preamble is restated but with a few notable differences. The most notable and important difference is to whom the congress can apply these powers. Pay close attention to the phrase “of the United States.” Throughout the Constitution the founders use very specific terms to mean very specific things. When they wanted rights or rules applied to citizens they used the term citizens. When they wanted rights or rules to apply to anyone they used “the people.” When they wanted rights or rules to apply to States, they used the term States. When they used the term “the United States” they were talking about the federal government. If you replace the term “of the United States” with its literal meaning you get a more clear understanding of its true meaning: “The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the Federal Government…”Just so there is no confusion, you will find in the 10th Amendment that these powers are limited to Article 1, Section 8 by stating: “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.” In other words: ‘if it ain’t in the Constitution, you can’t do it.’Why it doesn’t workEverywhere Universal Health Care has been tried, it has failed. UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation. We’ve been told that UHC is cheap. Well, that isn’t the case. UHC is as expensive as the government lets it be. We only have to look here in our own country to see evidence of that. Medicare sets limits to what a doctor can charge for a visit or procedure. Every doctor charges the limit set by Medicare. They have to. If they don’t, Medicare will assume that they have set the bar to high and lower it. Apply this to the entire health care system. If we expand that policy to cover every doctor and every procedure we will have several negative results. The first is the loss of talented doctors. People that become doctors don’t just do it for the gratification of saving lives. The fact is, they lose every patient sooner or later. Doctors do what they do for the money, especially the good ones. If you take away their ability to demand a fair market price you take away the incentive to be a doctor and we lose good doctors. Another problem we will encounter is a short coming in available services. We can see this in other countries. Many countries with socialized medicine require patients to wait months or years to see a doctor. In some parts of Canada, the wait to see a doctor for a routine exam is two years. This problem is compounded by the lack of monetary incentive to be a doctor. Finally, because the government sets the prices, inventors and manufacturers of medical equipment will just fade away. Price controls never work. Further, innovative people will always find a free market where they can excel. Why we don’t need itMost people have this idea that if they don’t have health insurance that pays for everything that is even remotely health related that they will go bankrupt and die. That is not the case. Most people just need a type of insurance that is usually referred to as Catastrophic or Major Medical Insurance. Major Medical covers some very basic health issues. A good generalized definition is “everything that is life threatening or life altering.” In practical terms, that means if you have an expensive problem, you are covered. So you can go to the ER or hospital and pay only the deductible (or deductible plus a percentage depending on the plan). Major Medical plans can also be purchased with a prescription drug rider that will cover most prescriptions you will need. The health insurance we have all been told we have to have is called Comprehensive (or Premium) Insurance. Comprehensive Insurance covers everything Major Medical covers but also ads routine visits to the doctor. In fact, we all purchase Major Medical Insurance with the Comprehensive Clause added to it. This means that the coverage for ER and hospital stays is identical. The only difference being what you pay for a doctor. I got quotes from eHealthInsurance.com. I put in a family of four with both parents 30 years old non-smokers and 10 and 5 year old children. One quote was from Humana (Major Medical) and the other from Cigna (comprehensive). The Humana quote was for $196.04 per month, coming out to $2,352.48 per year. The other was from Cigna (comprehensive) and was very affordably priced at $292.00 per month or $3,504 per year. For a typical year, the family of four would probably have six visits to the doctor. Most doctors charge around $150 for a visit. If the family is on the Humana plan, they will pay $900 out of pocket because they pay for the whole thing. If they are on the Cigna plan, they will pay a $30 deductible per visit plus 20% which comes to $324. When you figure in the added premium, they don’t save money. There is one big difference though, if someone goes to the hospital and uses more than $10,000 the Humana plan becomes much better. After $10,000 the Humana plan covers 100% of the cost, where as the Cigna plan covers 80%. This gives the person on the plan that we’ve all been told is not good enough a huge cost savings. What needs to be doneI’m not one to dismiss an idea if I don’t have a better idea of my own. My plan incorporates promoting Major Medical Insurance in conjunction with Health Savings Accounts. Health Savings Accounts are just as they sound, savings accounts specifically for health care. The government allows us (gee, isn’t that nice of them) to put money into a savings account, before income tax is removed, and use it for health care. The catch is, at the end of the year anything that is left in the account becomes property of the government. My solution is to allow HSAs to roll over from year to year untaxed (unless used for purposes other than health care) and after an individual reaches retirement age the account can be used for any purpose. This will have numerous advantages from free market pressure on visits to the doctor to increased savings rates for the average citizen. We all know how the free market works and despite what some say, it works very well. When people have control over their money, they use it wisely. It is a precious commodity and they won’t hand over more of it than they have to. Even today, some health care centers are bowing to the pressure of the free market. Urgent care centers (doc in the box as my wife likes to call them) allow uninsured people to visit the doctor for as little as $75. As a patron of our local doc in the box, I can say that the care in these centers is fantastic. Part of the reason the down turn in 2008 and 2009 has been so severe is the negative savings rate that plagues the nation. With an incentive to save money before it is taxed, people will be more inclined to put their money aside for rainy days than use it to make monthly payments on maxed out credit cards that bought a house full of useless crap. In addition, I’d allow them to put their excess HSA savings in bonds and cds so that they earn a small amount of interest with virtually no chance of loss. If the average family put $100 a month into savings from the time they are 20 to the time they retire, assuming they don’t have more than 2 major medical bills in 40 years, they will have saved close to $1 million (after interest). I know that we do not need Universal Health Care. It is too burdensome on the tax payer, it provides for poor care and it is solving a problem that just doesn’t exist.