#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
First of all, capitalism and socialism are complete opposites and you cannot have both.  They are opposite concepts of societal economic policies.  Therefore, since you obviously lean toward socialism in your opinions, the fact that you say you love capitalism is completely hypocritical.  The reason capitalism works better than any other economic policy is because it benefits more from greed than any other.  Greed causes people to work hard and earn their share in a capitalist   society   which benefits because products are made and services are provided to earn that   money   people greedily strive for.  Socialism enslaves greedy people because they do not have the freedom to keep what they earn and therefore they detest society.  They begin to lose motivation because they cannot keep what they earn and therefore, why work hard?  There is no point.  It is easier to do nothing and mooch off the system because that's what other people get to do.  Greed is natural and capitalism suits it.Next, as an outsider of this conversation, I do not believe Mike made any huge distortions on what you said.  Perhaps you did not say what you meant but he replied objectively and directly to what you posted.  My suggestion would be to try to clarify what you mean instead of getting insulted by a direct response to what you said.As for your apparent belief that the wealthy people of this country try to hold on to their wealth, ("As it stands, the wealth of this country rests in the hands of the very few, who exert their control to keep it a very small group.") this is absolutely not true.  Take a look at some statistics on donations and you'll notice that the wealthiest are the most charitable by far.  Also, the wealthiest provide the most   jobs  , consume the most goods, buy the most   cars  , and pay far more than their share of   taxes  .  Yes, this is because they have more money, but don't you want your employer to have more money than you so they can afford to pay you?  Personally, I want my employer to be the richest man in the country so he can pay me the highest salary in the country...Last point I want to make is that seeking   health care   is indeed a right.  Having it is a right if you provide it to yourself.  Making someone else pay someone else to provide you health care is not a right.  The right to life means nobody else can   murder   you.  It does not mean someone else must take care of you.  People die every day and as long as people are being born every day, that will continue.  What matters is that everyone has the freedom to seek a better quality of life.  Each individual can choose their own path to pursue happiness because nobody's path is the same.  If you treat individuals as a group, that is assuming that they are not just equal but THE SAME.  I strive to be better than my neighbors because I am greedy/motivated/whateveryouwanttocallit.  My motivation makes me better and makes me work harder.  In working harder, I contribute more to society while I get more out of it.  It's a win-win because I do better and society does better.  THAT is the essence of capitalism.