#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=universal health care
#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
I agree with your claim, "Throughout the Constitution the founders use very specific terms to mean very specific things."You also claim that, "Promote the general Welfare = all laws/regulations should not harm the country"Dictionary.com defines the term promote: 1. To help or encourage to exist or flourish; further: to promote world peace.2. To contribute to the progress or growth of; further. See Synonyms at advance. 3. To urge the adoption of; advocate: promote a constitutional amendment.4. . To contribute to the growth, enlargement, or prosperity of (any process or thing that is in course); to forward; to further; to encourage; to advance; to excite; as, to promote learning; to promote disorder; to promote a business venture. "Born to promote all truth." --Milton.Dictionary.com defines the term general:1. of or pertaining to all persons or things belonging to a group or category: a general meeting of the employees. 2. of, pertaining to, or true of such persons or things in the main, with possible exceptions; common to most; prevalent; usual: the general mood of the people. 3. not limited to one class, field, product, service, etc.; miscellaneous: the general public; general science. 4. considering or dealing with overall characteristics, universal aspects, or important elements, esp. without considering all details or specific aspects: general instructions; a general description; a general resemblance one to another. 5. not specific or definite: I could give them only a general idea of what was going on. I believe that promoting general welfare is not intended for the federal government strictly due to the use of the term general instead of simply stating "Promoting the welfare of the federal government." Promoting general welfare would involve more than simply making sure the law/regulations we put in place do "not harm the country."You make the rash claim that, "Everywhere Universal Health Care has been tried, it has failed. UHC always becomes expensive, restrictive and lacks innovation." Can you expand upon one example where it has failed and what its failings were?