#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Private Health care
#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
Nothing in my argument remotely construes universal healthcare is the cause of the expense of healthcare in the U.S.; however, as an aside argument, I think there is a connection that has yet to be made that the socialist healthcare systems of other countries are at least in part responsible for the costs of healthcare in the U.S.. Merck pharmaceutical sells its drugs to both private and public healthcare systems. Merck will be compensated for losses incurred by sales to public systems by passing the loss to private systems in the form of higher prices. So in a sense it is plausible that the public healthcare systems of the world actually exacerbate higher prices where healthcare is privately owned. Now back to our original subject. #1. What is the primary problem with the healthcare system of the U.S.? My answer: Ninety plus percent of the patients of the system cannot afford to pay the price of their own healthcare.#2. What is the root cause of the patient’s inability to pay for healthcare? Is it A, healthcare is too expensive or B, that their wages are too low, or C other.My answer: B, their wages are too low.(My father, earning the wage of a garage mechanic, paid cash for the births of all of his children with less than four weekly paychecks each. Today, how many mechanics are paid 14,000 dollars a month, which is the average cost of an uncomplicated vaginal birth? )HEY! I am no longer going to continue debating or justifying my argument concerning U.H.Either people understand or don’t understand what robbery looks like. I am not their god or their moral judge.Screw the logical formality of debating this absurd question!• Universal Healthcare is a crime against the working class. • The question of this entire debate is nothing more than a question about the benefit of outright criminality.Indulge my short or not so short rant for a moment, if you will. I am extremely disturbed that in the hearts and minds of the U.S. populace, people abound in ignorance of the fact they advocate robbery when they push for public healthcare. They are implicating themselves as criminals and seek to justify their criminality by legislative action of the government. We are truly a nation of thieves. We, as a nation, are so mad upon our right to healthcare we want to violate the right of ownership of property, including the wages of all persons in the U.S. It’s as though there is no other alternative but to steal from one another, our children, parents, and friends. And the justification for all of it is that all is right because everyone will be doing it. (Bare in mind that they who argue the most for public healthcare have the most to gain by it. There will be 80 million baby boomers entering retirement in the next eighteen years. Should we suppose they want someone else to pay for their healthcare so that they can take cruises around the world? (Have you seen the bumper sticker on the $300.000 RVs that read: “I am spending my children’s inheritance)Moreover how many of those baby boomers want people such as myself and our families to pay for their healthcare needs for the next eighteen plus years? This is too much like social security with perks! )Know this; we will have in the U.S. within a very short time frame a public healthcare system. And how do I know this? The baby boom generation of 80+million rules the country today and before too many of them have retired they will make certain that their children are bound by taxation for the healthcare needs of the baby boom gen. And so in conclusion, regardless of what is thought or not thought of public healthcare we working class stiffs will be paying in the form of taxation all healthcare needs of the most debauched, rotten, spoiled generation ever born in the U.S. The baby boomers are currently socializing the losses of the most cherished institutions of the U.S.; expect the healthcare system over the coming weeks and months of this year to also need taxpayer money. Yes, I’ve made a judgment of the baby boom gen. I know what to expect from that gen. and I am in no mood to prove they intend to rob from me and mine. The baby boom gen. fixes its problems by acts of governmental crimes against the innocent.