#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
SocialistBetty, you are a hypocrite in every aspect of the term.  I sought a debate and you responded with assumptions and unnecessary insults.  I hope you're proud."Since you actually quoted me, it's funny that you didn't really grasp what I was saying. Wealth and power are kept in the smallest number of hands possible."  I understood exactly what you meant.  You think the wealthiest people in the country are the greediest people in the country.  I don't have time right now to go find the statistics that I've mentioned but maybe later I will get around to posting the link."We created this country to protect the individuals... all of them.... from greed and corruption whenever possible."  We created this country to protect individual freedoms.  Each person in this country is free.  That means they may keep what they earn and do what they want as long as it does not impinge on another's freedom.  We did not do a very good job protecting from corruption because the government is full of it.  Accepting bribes, swaying voters by lying to them, creating laws for   unions  ... all corruption and out of control.  As for companies, very large ones may become corrupt obviously but without business we have no   economy  .  In general, most businesses supply a good or service without corruption in exchange for money.  "We have no duty to protect the interest of private companies."  Yes we do because private companies supply   jobs  .  Jobs mean   income   for individuals.  Without private companies, everyone goes bankrupt."As   society   has gotten larger, why do you expect government to stay the same size?" I don't.  I expect it to grow in proportion to the population to serve and protect.  I do not expect it to grow faster than our population and spend billions of our dollars to "stimulate" us."The government provides FOR the people. People. You apparently do not like this." What I don't like about this is that you say "provides".  I prefer "protects and serves".  The government does not and should not feed us like mice in a cage.  They should also not trim our nails and give us "  health care  " like house cats.  We are not   animals   because we can take care of ourselves (I can anyway)."If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve health care because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong."  That's your opinion.  In my opinion, everyone has the freedom to work and earn more money.  It is not my fault they work for minimum wage or my responsibility to pay for other people.  I never anywhere said that people are not equal.  Everyone is CREATED equal.  What they make of themselves (because luckily we have the freedom of choice) is up to them.  As it is up to me what I do with my life and it is up to you what you do with yours.  A murderer is not equal to a doctor in my opinion because they chose different paths.  They cannot be treated the same because society benefits more from the doctor's life than the murderer's.Free market economy is fair and just.  Here's an article to help explain my point.    http://pajamasmedia.com/blog/the-free-market-is-not-another-form-of-rationing  /"What a person does is not the question."  Yes it is.  If a person chooses to contribute to society, they receive money in return.  If a person chooses to be lazy and do nothing for anyone else, they don't get money.  Another article, this one written by me.  http://hubpages.com/hub/Money---Examining-the-Concept  "The people you are saying don't deserve to not go into   bankruptcy   and lose their homes are the people you depend on. "  Yes, they are.  And strangely enough, I would pay them for their service...  Except at the moment I can't afford to purchase their services.  I would if I had a job at one of the big corporations you so despise.... but for now I guess they're unemployed because so am I.  (I'm exaggerating a little, I am still in Grad School, so that's why I'm broke)