#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"Noone is secured to have job or economic security, and ordinary citizens who worked hard for a living and save a lot for their   retirement   , ended up a victim. How could we be sure that our   children   's children will have the same opportunity as we do- having adequate medical insurance because of our job or financial status?"  Simple answer - we can't be sure.  Nobody has ever been sure and nobody will ever be sure.  The best solution is to teach your   kids   how to work hard and do well.If we provide   health insurance   "for free" (which simply means the cost is hidden from view in   taxes  ), it will not encourage people to work hard for it.  Then we would end up with a country full of lazy slackers... oh wait, that sounds like my generation.  oops, already happened.  It's really a simple concept:  if you were offered $5 to mow a lawn or $5 to do nothing, which would you choose?  If applied to the general population, how many lawns would get mowed?  And let's not fool ourselves here, reality is what we live in.As for your arguments about uninsured Americans, why are they uninsured?  They cannot afford it.  Why can't they afford it?  Because they don't make enough   money  .  As I explicitly pointed out earlier, money is a symbol.  So the real reason is because they don't contribute enough to   society   to purchase   health care   services from someone else.  Therefore, the uninsured Americans do not earn insurance, and they shouldn't have what they don't earn.  End of story."UHC plan based its argument on the premise that the health care system can be cured by taking the profit motive out of the system - as other countries do."  I have a lot to say about this one.First, we cannot compare America to other countries.  We are bigger, more divided, more diverse, and more free.  It's apples to oranges.Second, taking the profit motive out accomplishes several things, none of which cure our system.  It takes out the motive to keep spending down.  If there is no need to turn a profit, there is no need to cut spending, ever.  It also reduces the motive to keep consumers happy.  Happy customers means returning customers means profit.  No profit means who cares if the customers are happy.  Especially scary in this case because we will be paying for it whether we accept the gov insurance or not (again, the cost is shifted out of sight in taxes, it doesn't disappear)  Taking out the profit motive in no way at all guarantees reduced administrative costs.  Third, if UHC based its argument on this premise, it is clearly a very very stupid idea.Good job using CA as an example.... wait, aren't they bankrupt?  Yeah, good idea, let's do that!To point out why they are bankrupt in a very simplified way:They increased taxes on the rich so much that the rich people got fed up and moved out (rightly so).  They stopped raking in money because there was no money left in the state.If taxes are increased still further for the rich in the whole country.... AND if the quality of their health care decreases....  do you really want to piss off the people that pay for your government????  The people that actually have money to spend in this country????"This will make health care affordable, cheaper and provide access for all."I hate to sound cold because I care about people so much that I actually want this country to thrive, but why do we care about ALL?  It's so... socialist. (the stage following capitalism in the transition of a society to communism, characterized by the imperfect implementation of collectivist principles - dictionary.com)