#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"5 We both know and agree that Australia, Canada and the UK have greater life expectancies than the USA.6 We both know and agree that Australia, Canada and the UK have universal health schemes and the USA does not."See the above point."7 We also know that the proportion of GDP spent on health care in these three countries is lower than the United States. However, we disagree about whether this is a reliable comparison."See the first point, and see this article:   http://www.opposingviews.com/arguments/single-payer-systems-do-not-cost-less-than-the-us-health-care-system  GDP is a GROSS measurement, and as seen in the above article Canadian systems SPEND less than US systems yet this doesn't even prevent them from COSTING less. "8 You assert that the differences in life expectancy have "probably" nothing to do with health care. However, you have not provided one shred of evidence for this claim."Your rehashing your argument from point number 4. In that case, see my response to that point you raised. "I have presented evidence for my opinion. You have presented no evidence for yours."1. I pointed out that you missed the context of my "deep left" comment completely. You said I directed it at Canada and other nations with UHC, when in reality I was directing it at you. 2. I explained why GDPs with each nation are GROSS measurements and thus would need to be adjusted for different sizes in economies before you can draw conclusions.3. I've pointed out several times already that the tiny 2-year difference you keep touting is not only to little to call for scrapping out entire system but also have pointed out that in no instance have you ever offset other factors of a given nation that affect life expectancy which include dietary choices, how active the typical American lifestyle is, crime rates (like murder), accidental deaths (car crashes for instance), you name it. Despite the fact that all these need to be taken into account you INSIST that your precious 2-year difference justifies the government takeover of our entire healthcare system. 4. In spite of all those points mentioned above, including the links and references I have provided in other comments (like this one:   http://www.opposingviews.com/comments/do-you-realize-what-you-just-said  ), you continue to say I have provided no evidence whatsoever of my claims. I will let the hypocrisy of that statement speak for itself.   