#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Not much here I haven't addressed to someone else:   http://www.opposingviews.com/comments/lies-and-inaccuracies  "First you start with a dishonest heading: "Single-Payer Systems Do Not Cost Less Than the U.S. Health Care System" Then you admit within the first couple of sentences that the title is nonsense."Actual quote is as follows:"They don’t cost less, but they do spend less. That’s an important distinction."They also continue in the article to explain how much of the larger wads of cash SPENT on UHC is eaten up by bureaucracy:"The key distinction is that in the single-payer countries the government, not the market, decides how much will be spent on health care.   That means health care spending is a political decision, not a medical one.   Because there are several valid claims on taxpayer money (e.g., education, defense, welfare, etc.), the government has to weigh and balance them with the funds it has available.   Thus the fact that single-payer countries spend less than the U.S. on health care tells us nothing about their efficiency. Their governments have simply made an arbitrary decision to spend less, but they will also get less." (From the 3rd paragraph)"But in any case, your argument only makes sense -- national-healthcare systems spend less because they choose to spend less -- if the results were worse...if the choice led to worse healthcare. But this clearly isn't the case. The US spends more -- vastly more -- on healthcare per capita than the Western national systems, and yet..."Before I get into each of those talking points, let's examine some of the claims you just made. You just stated that the US ALREADY spends the MOST tax money on healthcare and that various problems exist, yet you suggest that we adopt a system which would be even more guilty of high costs than the current one.Now  as for those problems:"* Tens of millions of people are not directly covered by the system"Any chance they might be rich fucks who don't qualify because they don't need it?"* Most of these people do not receive good healthcare, because they simply can't afford it themselves"So we should raise taxes on productive people who actually worked their but off to get benefits?"* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems live longer"I'm sure the 2-year difference between the US and Canada CAN'T POSSIBLY have anything to do with the poor lifestyle choices Americans tend to make considering the fast food nation we are, right?"* Babies born in the national-healthcare systems are more likely to survive"I would like a reference on this, and see the above point."* Citizens under the national-healthcare systems are healthier than Americans"Not that it has anything to do with healthcare (again, see the point about that menial 2 year life-expectancy difference). "* There's no evidence that the enormous extra cost of the American system provides any real benefits over the service received by citizens of countries with national-healthcare systems!"Right, so abolish Medicare and Medicaid and send SCHIP to hell. 