#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Really?  we can't have both?  Do you know where you live?   Are you aware that capitalism and socialism exist together in not only this country, but in a huge portion of the world?  "As for your apparent belief that the wealthy people of this country try to hold on to their wealth, ("As it stands, the wealth of this country rests in the hands of the very few, who exert their control to keep it a very small group.") this is absolutely not true. Take a look at some statistics on donations and you'll notice that the wealthiest are the most charitable by far...........blah blah.... Personally, I want my employer to be the richest man in the country so he can pay me the highest salary in the country..."Since you actually quoted me, it's funny that you didn't really grasp what I was saying.  Wealth and power are kept in the smallest number of hands possible.   Also, you pay more in   taxes   than most billionaires.  Think it's not true?   They will end up paying less percentage wise than their secretaries...   and they'll even admit it.    Nor does being the biggest player mean you pay your employees the highest salary.  Or am I wrong and minimum wage does not exist?   But really... the point of this is is that you think you're better than everyone else.  You're not.  You may be better AT things... you may very well be a great lawyer.  You could be the best damn midget wrestler the world has ever seen.  You may be the shiznit at small engine repair.     You're missing the point.This country does not say "by the corporations, for the corporations, and of the corporations".  We have no duty to protect the interest of private companies.  We created this country to protect the individuals...  all of them....  from greed and corruption whenever possible.  True conservatism does not hate government.  True conservatism recognizes that there is a need for government.  As   society   has gotten larger, why do you expect government to stay the same size?  As more changes in the world, why do you not expect the government to   change  , as well? The government provides FOR the people.  People.  You apparently do not like this.   If you don't like this idea, you don't like the United States of America and the ideals it was founded upon...  again... ignoring the fact that it was basically a group of rich white guys who didn't want to pay taxes.  We've ignored that fact since we could print text books and lie about it, why stop now?....    well...  move to China.  That's where everything's made anyway.  If you're going to sit there and say that you think a child does not deserve   health care   because his parents work at Burger King and Walmart, you are disgustingly wrong.  If you are going to say that the parent who works at Burger King and Walmart doesn't derserve to be treated for illness, you are wrong.   You are saying that they are not the human equals of the woman who processes paper work at your district court.  You are saying they are not the human equals of yourself.   You are no less or more of a person for wanting to keep your   money  .   But you gladly give your money up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera.  You gladly pay for the health care of   senators   that don't give a crap about you, and millions of other federal employees that don't do a damn thing for you. Why then do you seem to have such a huge problem with providing for the general welfare of the citizens of this country?  You apparently have no problems unless it involves the words "health care".  Then you go "Hey... w-w-w-wuh wuh WAIT a minute!!!! That's socialism!  We're not a socialist country!!!"  And then you drive on roads, drink from municipal taps, etc. etc. etc.  I think that's just slightly misguided (okay, very... ).     What a person does is not the question.  We can't all be actors. We can't all be librarians, or   doctors  , or the guys who change the   oil   in your car. Fortunately, we can't all be fast   food     workers  .  We're not all going to be ambulance drivers.   Society functions with all its parts.   The people you are saying don't deserve to not go into   bankruptcy   and lose their homes are the people you depend on.  These are the people you are saying "F*** you.  You don't deserve anything."  They place your calls.  They monitor your streets.  They clean your toilets.  They serve you lunch.  They guard you while you sleep.   And you are trying to say that they are not the human equivalent of you?  Or the entire 111th Congress?  Or me?   You are not better than anyone else. You are another human.  Whatever it is you choose to do in life....  do it well.  But if all you end up being (profession-wise) is a janitor, you deserve to not lose the home you worked just as hard as I did for mine (and Bill Gates for his), because your wife fell ill.   Or because you contracted the Swine Flu.    Or the like.    