#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Don't worry, I'm sure there are many visions for universal   health care   in this country.  It seems to me that what most supporters want is an outcome where everybody can get and afford health care.  In my case I have had heart and vascular surgery (among others) which make me uninsurable.  I for one support a voucher system which would allow everyone to choose their provider.  The government would have to open their employee   health   system at the voucher price (ie free to all), but private insurers could compete freely for the voucher payment by offering better products.I didn't know you couldn't purchase   health insurance   across state lines.  There are many valid point the "no" side bring up.  I would accept tort reform as part of the solution.  The strength of our   democracy  , and this new way to converse called the Internet, is that we can blend the best ideas from all to arrive at a better way.  I wouldn't want anyone to feel they were "drafted" into a health insurance system that they didn't want.  I'm sure all employers would love to get the health care benefit off their books.  They could still offer sweeter deals as recruitment tools.  But once this gets passed, watch our   economy   take off.  The potential growth in the GDP could absorb the absurd debt we are forced into.As for the draft.  I didn't go to Canada because I like America and had no reason to believe that an amnesty would be offered later on.  But even so, at the time I believed that countries have the right to conscript armies when necessary.  I'm still thinking a 2 year government service requirement for all wouldn't be a bad thing.  Almost all moral systems allow for obligation to the greater   society  .  But this is a great topic for another heated thread.  I'll read your link later, but I don't cast my argument for UHC on moral grounds, rather on practical and economic benefits which I believe all will enjoy once this paradigm gets shifted.