#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
And I've eaten!OK, so why do we not like this? There's a lot of misinformation being thrown around, and quite frankly, a lot of lies, so I'm going to try and correct the ones I hear most often.First of all, people are calling it single payer. It's not. A single payer system is one where the government pays for everything through tax revenue, like they have in Canada. This is a   public option  .Second of all, people are calling it socialized   medicine  . It is also very not. Socialized medicine is where the government actually owns the hospitals and the   doctors   are government employees. That's what England has. That's what the VA is. That is not what this is.People who oppose this like to tell horror stories about the other countries that have systems like that, single payer and socialized. The best example I can think of is this one.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pmm87LytlgQ  Which I'll summarize again. Feel free to act this out on your own."Morris:  And what's going to happen is the same thing that goes on in Canada.  Because of the long wait for colonoscopies, the incidence of colon   cancer   in Canada is 25 percent higher than in the US.And because the two top drugs we use for chemotherapy for advanced stage colon cancer are not available in Canada because of costs, the death rate is 2 % higher.  41 percent of Canadians die of colon cancer compared to 32 in the US.O'Reilly:  That is one of the most compelling things about your book, is that you deliver statistics that say Americans are a lot healthier than Canadians are in the vital disease category—heart disease, cancer, things like that. Morris:  Let's quantify it.  6 percent lower death rate from heart disease and a 16 percent lower death rate from cancer in the US.  And Canada has more poor people."There are two possibilities here. One is that Dick Morris is telling the truth. If he is, then you have to compare the survival rates to the amount of   money   going in. Remember, Canadians spend half as much as Americans per capita on   health care  . 6% for 50% less money? Okay.The other possibility is that he's not telling the truth. Remember the 12,000, 18,000 and 100,000 numbers. Also, check THIS out.A large study found that five-year survival rates for many diseases in this country are no better than they are in countries that spend far less on health care. People here are less likely to have long-term survival after colorectal cancer, childhood leukemia, or a kidney transplant than they are in Canada.  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/17/business/economy/17leonhardt.html?ref=todayspaper  According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, we spend $412 per person on health care administrative costs, versus an average of $72 for peer OECD countries. Six times as much. Here's a cool graph thing.  http://www.mckinsey.com/mgi/publications/healthcare/slideshow/interactive.asp  Something else I keep hearing is about wait times. Canada, the UK, oh the Wait Times. Often there are anecdotes.So I went to Business Week magazine, the INCREDIBLY LIBERAL SOURCE, who was studying the issue. "In reality, both data and anecdotes show that the American people are already waiting as long or longer than patients living with   universal health care   systems."  http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/07_28/b4042072.htm  So remember. We've got the same wait times, but we spend twice as much money. If Canada, France, GB, etc. doubled the money they were spending on health care, it would be incredible. There'd be house calls! Best hospital   food   ever! Wait times wouldn't exist!Now, if we in the US cut our medical expenditure in half, how long would our wait times be? How bad would it get?So why are people ACTUALLY hating on this?Same QM Time, Same QM Channel!