#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
The insurance companies have already usurped the doctors by mandating treatments, while leaving the docs liable for the legal ramifications of their practice. Just why are the insurance companies in the way for health care? Money. This is a non-productive health care cost to the citizens. In fact it is a barrier for many to get the care they may need.As usual the proponents for the status quo neglect talking about the amount of savings to the public if insurance companies were no longer doling out the health care in the most minimal way possible.One has to look at what goes to the actual functions involved in care for individuals. We would be saving billions if health care were universal, in terms of what people and companies currently pay.More than half of the "profits" in the health care "business" are being eaten up by insurance companies. They have taken over authority for healthcare and left the liability for the doctors to suck on.Imagine if the healthcare industry didn't have to make the doctors pay for their insurance coverage, and if the public didn't have to pay for the mandated administration costs and directives for treatment of patients. Imagine a place where everyone didn't work for and pay the insurance companies. That is the sweet pot the insurance companies would have us do.Get sick, and who do you call? Some of the insurance companies that are "supposed" to provide the health care everyone pays for, would have you get "preapproval" to call an ambulance. Too bad the insurance company didn't contract an ambulance company in your region. Too bad you have to wait for the particular ambulance to be available while you have your heart attack. Too bad they rushed you to the closest hospital and not the one on your policy.Too bad everyone is screwed when medicine is run by insurance companies. Doctors, patients, everyone.Get rid of the unnecessary overhead, get insurance companies out of medicine.