#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=universal health care
#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
Where are we going to get the doctors, nurses, respiratory therapists, cardiologists, rheumatologists, CNA's, PCA's, and the like, not to mention room in the wards and equipment to care for there patients?Under my plan, we pattern a Universal Health Care, system after our Military. Our Military is socialism on a grand scale, and we have the Best Trained, Best Equipped Military in the World. So I used the same model in to model my Health Care Plan around.We recruit kids out of high school, that have good grades and a interest in the medical field, but because of financial reasons cannot afford to go to College. We get them to enlist in the Medical Corps, where we promise to pay for their entire Medical education, in exchange for a agreement of practicing in a Government Hospital somewhere in the United States for 10 years. At the end of the 10 years, they can either re-enlist or they can choose to go into private practice.Doctors and Nurses would be paid a competive salery but not as much as they possibly could be making in private paractice. However under the Government they do not have administrative costs, or Office exspenses, and no malpractice insurance premiums to worry about.The chances for malpractice would be reduced, do to the fact a person could get up to five different opinions if they were not comfortable with the original diagnosis. While this won't rule out malpractice 100% there will always be the doctor who makes a mistake. In which case the case would be reviewed and if found the Doctor was grossly negligent, would have his license to practice pulled.Most lawsuits today seek money to pay for future care of the patient, however that wouldn't be necessary, because you already have free medical.We could employ 500,000 doctors at a cost of 100 billion dollars wich would give us a Patient to Doctor Ratio of 600 to 1. Thats what are current ratio is. But the problem is there are communities who do not have any doctors, so they have to travel a great distance for care. This problem would be solved also under my plan.We buy up older hospitals to keep the cost down. We Do have strategically placed Expensive Diagnostic equipment within a 4 hours drive of any location. So it is possible that a person would have to drive up to 250 miles to get a MRI, but they would be able to deduct the cost of the trip on their taxes, excluding lodging. Obviously the goal of any Universal Plan is to contain costs and Improve care, if you cannot accomplish that then we shouldn't do it all.I estimate the total cost of my plan to be around $500-600 Billion a year.By paying of the debt, we could pay for a national health care system without raising taxes to do so. We currently will be paying $550 -$600 billion in interest on the debt next year. So if we can pay off the debt, which I can do in 7 years, and return this country to a lender nation, this country could afford to Universal Health care better than what France has, and I could still cut everyones taxes by $3800.00.Part of it would be paid for by interest money we would be collecting from other countries, once we became a lender nation again. By loaning Money to developing 3rd world countries we spread our influence over these countries by helping them develope, instead of China or Russia. The intrest we collect on the loans helps pay for our health care.This would lower medical costs, let consumers keep the money they currently pay out for insurance premiums and deductables, and reduce the cost for business who currently pay the lions share of a employees health care insurance. This should add another 3-4% onto our economic growth a year.Along with my trade reforms we could have 10% economic growth year over year. But remember we are fighting a entrenched insurance lobby, who will fight this type of plan tooth and nail. Not to mention business might even fight it because it would we would have economic freedom if we were to have 10% growth year over year in this country. They do not want workers who are empowered. They want workers wholive in fear of losing their jobs everyday.But it can be done, and I can pay for it without raising taxes.