#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
We should all do our very best to lend a hand to help others, I'm all for that, but to let the Government oversea it and manage the   money  ! and schedule surgeries?  Please, wake up!  Obviously, some of you have no idea what that means.  I used to process Medicare insurance claims, what a joke.  They decide what they feel is medically neccessary, not you or your Doctor!  If they don't want to pay the claim, well it's final, it's not open for discussion and/or negotiations, it's just what somebody in the Government decided. Period.And when they do decide to pay, let me give you some examples:1>Flu Shot $15  Medicare approved amount $3 paid at 80% $2.40 to the DR.Doctors out of pocket cost $10 plus labor for the nurse, overhead exp, etc. - And the Dr. must write off the balance of $12, the patient is billed $.602>Office visit $100, physical therapy $50 - Total billed $150Medicare allowed $24 @ 80% $19.20 on the office visit, $0 on the physical therapy- deemed not medically neccessary.  The Dr. gets a check for $19.20, must write of $76, the patient is billed $54.80Who do you think wins here, right, the Government should, only they have paid out double or triple just to process these small checks!!When you have to call Medicare with a question, and trust me this happens frequently, you are only allowed to ask 3 questions, if you have 4 questions, you can ask the 3 and then hang up and call back, wait on hold another 45 minutes to ask the 4th question.  If you have never dealt with these issues, you simply can't imagine how bad it is, I'm not exagerating, ask around.  Surely you know an elderly person on Medicare, an insurance clerk, anybody that has had to deal with it.  Part 2 - Currently most Doctors pretty much accept Medicare, some because they want to help the elderly, as frustrating and expensive as it is, the paperwork involved is unreal.  That is one reason we keep seeing an increase in the cost of doctor visits, to make up what they are loosing in Medicare acceptance costs.  If it is all Universal Healthcare paid by the Government, you will see a flood of   doctors   stop practicing, it will no longer be profitable and full of regulations.  Just ask your doctor his opinion on your next visit.  We will have a shortage of doctors. Part 3:  We are already seeing   taxes   going up on everything.  Take the sin taxes for example.  One example: Sodas are now going to have a higher tax, because they are unhealthy. What happens when they decide you weigh to much, your too fat to have sugery?  Don't think that will happen, think again, there are already talking about it:   http://usgovinfo.about.com/cs/consumer/a/aathinner.htm  maybe you are the ideal weight, but what your friend, or family member that is 20 lbs. overweight, do you want the Government to deny them benefits?  If you say yes, then what's right about that?So please people, think about it, this is not good for our country!Last but not least, do your research on country's that have   universal health care  , how are they doing? And Canada's system is so great that Canadians leave their country to come to the US for many procedures that they have to wait months in line for in Canada. No less than a board of Canadian surgeons has urged the US not to enact a socialized medical system.Did you know a recent poll said if you are diagnosed with   cancer   you will start treatment in approx. 3 weeks here in the US, in other country's with Universal   healthcare  , the average waiting period for cancer patients to begin treatment is 9 months!  That is crucial when you are diagnosed with the deadly disease of cancer.  But this is standard even for emergency surgery, alot don't even last long enough for the surgery.  So if this is what you want, that is what you will get!   Don't take my word, do your research, cause if universal healthcare goes through, we will probably never be able to go back to the way it was!