#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
Merlinda,You do bring up good points that small businesses would benefit. However, the rest of your argument I believe is false.UHC would not benefit the majority of people.  Most Americans have   health insurance  . I am a little confused with your point on the single buyer and competition.  If you are referring to insurance companies as the sellers than you may not understand the UHC bill.  If you are referring to   health   equipment providers, which I assume you are, then you are mistaken that this would create more competition. Competition increases with more buyers and more sellers.  The more diverse the market, the more competition.  Competition is already a big part of health equipment providers in that a doctor can choose what to prescribe (usually they recommend generics because of price), a physical therapist can choose what wheelchair brand to prescribe, etc. Why will more qualified healthcare workers be selected? They will be paid less, so I would assume that less qualified people would apply for the   jobs  . The more qualified people will want to get paid what they're worth.I would hope that people would be more likely to see a doctor for preventative care but I do not believe this will happen.  If a person knows that they have health coverage then what encourages them to take care of themselves?  It won't matter if they skip an appointment, they're covered if something bad happens. On the other hand, if a person knows that they are not covered and will have to pay ridiculous amounts of   money   if something bad happens, they will try to prevent that from happening. Overall, I believe a better solution to this problem would be to increase competition by eliminating tax benefits for bulk purchase of health coverage. Reducing the employer based system will increase the number of buyers because people will buy individually or for their families.  Increasing competition between insurance companies will force them to reduce spending and maximize customer base.  AKA let's bring back a free market because capitalism works best while retaining individual rights and freedoms.  AKA capitalism benefits the majority of people (and that's the best we can hope for).