#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
First of all, what you - Mike Zermack - are doing is taking my words and distorting them by putting them in sentences I never had them in.  So it's interesting that you should I am distorting things (and am wrong for doing it, even though I'm not) when you appear to be a master at that. What's that called? Hypocrisy?  Hmmm.  Second of all, how can I distort the glorious phrase when I have made no mention of it? What Mike Zermack is doing is firstly putting words into my mouth (or... keyboard? We'll have to invent a new term for that, I think) and the informing himself that I am wrong about something I have never said. Mike Zermack is further assuming that it is lack of material success that leads to a person's illness, poor health, apendicitis, pneumonia, or any other such thing.   Mike Zermack further leads us to believe that a person's health is not his welfare.   He further ignores the part of that "glorious" document that gives us the words (which I have not mentioned, at any point until now) "all men are created equal" that ensures our government shall "promote the general welfare".     Mike Zermack fails to grasp is that a government "of the people, by the people, and for the people" does not promote individual rights, it promotes the rights of ALL the people... for to promote only individual rights acknowledges that we are not created equal. To do so would be to go against the very nature of those words.  This doesn't mean that there are no rights OF the individual, but that promotion of the rights of all people is equal.  "Of the people, by the people, and for the people" requires that we work COLLECTIVELY. TOGETHER.  Synonymous for what? United? Hmm. Eeenteresting. Ze Germans would have agreed (but since most of the ruling families have had connections to Nazi-ism, it's not surprising). Further more, by allowing the "free market" - which everyone agrees does not work the way it should (for the same reason, incidentally, that communism can never work... greed and corruption) - to provide and promote (in a half-assed, greedy and corrupt manner) the general welfare instead of the government (which Is the people) and the health of ALL people suffer.  For the right of this is then limited to those who Have achieved excess in their pursuit of material success.    Again, as though lack of material success means that one just doesn't have accidents happen, or emergencies occur.   As though people who are poor don't work hard.   Because THAT's not a fallacy. Now thank you, Mike Germack, for not only attributing to me things I did not say, but also taking things I did say completely out of context so badly as to make you a LIAR, and a delusional one at that.  You know exactly what I meant...  but kudos again for being an ass about it.  Universalised health care doesn't mean doctors will be not be paid, or be paid less... it means that anyone who needs to see a doctor can.   So doctors will not be enslaved.  As it stands, the wealth of this country rests in the hands of the very few, who exert their control to keep it a very small group.  THAT is what I meant, and you know it. You also know I'm correct... but to do so would be to acknowledge to you small mind that perhaps the system we've been operating under doesn't work so hot. Further more, don't be such a presumptuous ass as to make assumptions about MY view because I  don't think Socialism is a dirty word...but is in fact a necessary component to a capitalistic society to balance out the inescapable fact that capitalism denies the rights of the individuals because it promotes power above individual rights; because  capitalism simply abuses human rights WHENEVER it can get away with it.  Because it is NOT perfectly functioning.  Or maybe you missed the part of that post where I said I liked - for the most part - capitalism?    Not surprising since you seem to be delusional to the point of thinking I've said anything about equality and that "glorious" nicety of all men being equal. The only way we can ever move forward and progress towards the more perfect union is to take parts of many different disciplines and combine them.   Capitalism alone does not work. Socialism alone does not work. Communism alone does not work (although I think this is mostly due to size.. the size of the "community" is what prohibits the proper functioning).  Relying on one system alone is the surest way to a dead civilization.   