#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.
#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
I think that there may be an underlying flaw in your logic. You seem to be assuming that allowing everyone healthcare would somehow take healthcare away from someone, it would "trample everyone else’s right of Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" as you would say.I don't understand how this could be. It seems to be the same argument Joe regularly makes that allowing gays to be married somehow invalidates his own marriage.It seems to be a fatal flaw in logic. I simply cannot comprehend what would lead a thinking person toward this conclusion.Even if it did happen, which it would not, that having a public option would lead to higher prices for some, It seems to me the equation, Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness, in no way gaurantees lower insurance rates.In fact, the Life and Pursuit of Happiness parts of the quote you use several times,would imply healthcare would be a right regardless of cost.I mean, it seems people are forgetting we are talking about human lives. Does it matter that some would be poor, or if people like Joe hate them? They're humans still who as far as we know have done nothing wrong.Why shouldn't they have as much a right to life, and as long and healthy a life, as anyone else?It makes no sense morally, or even legally if one is going by the mantra you use continually "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."I'm afraid this constitutional argument simply falls short. There is nothing to lead anyone to believe providing healthcare is unconstitutional, quite the opposite in fact. (I know the quotes from the Declaration of Independence, but typical, the right's calling it a constitutional argument)Okay, so I just don't get that argument at all, and I find it hard to believe you really buy into it... Joe okay, he's a moron, but I can't believe you think it's legitimate.And getting rid of health insurance all together seems an even worse idea. I mean, literally at the most 1% of the world population could afford a simple procedure today like removing breast cancer. And that could be the difference between dying within the year, and living a long happy life and dying of old age. Why would we want that?And how many bright people, if doctors decided to lower costs enough so that maybe 5% of the world population can afford a relatively simple procedures, would still want to be doctors?7-10 years of higher education, and student loans anywhere from 100,000 to half a million. Who can afford that?It seems to me getting rid of any health insurance at all is a one way trip back to the gilded age, where you have a handful of travelling doctors who don't know that much and do it out of the kindness of their hearts.... unless you're talking about single payer national healthcare. In which case you retain your genious status and I'm all for it.