#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=universal
#originalTopic=healthcare
"This is America. "oh its hard to make a living in America" That is a very discouraging(and old) argument. "It may be discouraging but it's something that many Americans are encountering. It's never been more important than in a time of economic hardship. Again, you are young and have never worked in the professional world yet. Nor have you or altarion had the responsibility of maintaining yourself or a family on top of that. I happen to live in the 3rd largest city in the U.S.A. This isn't just a situation centered in on Chicago alone. I've had conversations with many people with what this country would title as " educated": a few dr's, masters in ed, many b.a. and b.s. and especially the b.f.a's. They all concur with what i've addressed. Actually, most educated people in the US agree with the universal option. The current individual plan is very inefficient for the country and for it's individuals. Sure the big insurance companies and pharma companies that lobby the hell out of the government will tell you it's the most efficient plan in the world but the truth is out there and the more people that receive an education, and can think for themselves, the more the movement get's recognition and the less powerful the individual plan seems and will be. (wow, this sounds like a rant! go down to the facts below in bold)Here is the reality of the opportunity to make a lot of money. "THE EMPLOYMENT SITUATION: DECEMBER 2008 Nonfarm payroll employment declined sharply in December, and the unemployment rate rose from 6.8 to 7.2 percent, the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor reported today. Payroll employment fell by 524,000 over the month and by 1.9 million over the last 4 months of 2008. In December, job losses were large and widespread across most major industry sectors." ( http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.nr0.htm  )" From the start of the recession in December 2007 through November2008, the total number of mass layoff events (seasonally adjusted) was20,712, and the number of initial claims (seasonally adjusted) was2,108,743. The national unemployment rate was 6.7 percent in November, season-ally adjusted, up from 6.5 percent the prior month and from 4.7 percenta year earlier. In November, total nonfarm payroll employment decreasedby 533,000 over the month and by 1,870,000 from a year earlier." ( http://www.bls.gov/news.release/mmls.nr0.htm  )The following statistic follows the last four years, do you see a trend?! ( http://www.bls.gov/news.release/mmls.t01.htm  )You may be asking yourself, how is this relevant? Well I'm glad you have done so, what you get from unemployment is less that 50% of your total monthly income when you were employed and this is on top of not receiving insurance. Now I said earlier that the cost of insurance is about 300 usd a month. Do you see a problem with this? And also note that you said we need to make sure opportunity is there to make a lot of money: I'm showing you the trend of the "opportunity". Now I will I'll re post this again as a rebuttal to why universal is the better alternative: "The United States is the only wealthy, industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system." ( Insuring America's Health: Principles and Recommendations, Institute of Medicine at the National Academies of Science, 2004-01-14 ; The Case For Single Payer, Universal Health Care For The United States )"Current estimates put U.S. health care spending at approximately 15% of GDP, the highest in the world. A study of international health care spending levels in the year 2000, published in the health policy journal Health Affairs, found that while the U.S. spends more on health care than other countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the use of health care services in the U.S. is below the OECD median by most measures. The authors of the study concluded that the prices paid for health care services are much higher in the U.S. An estimated 84.7% of citizens have some form of health insurance coverage, either through their employer, purchased individually, or through government sources. The number of uninsured, at 45.7 million in 2007, decreased slightly from 2006, because government programs covered nearly 3 million more people." (see my argument below for a source)