#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
I don't think you are understanding the argument, let me see if I can lend some clarity.1) Health care is not a "right."Rights are freedoms of action in a social context.  They are not an obligation on others to provide goods or services.  Yes, your right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness does mean that you have the right to seek medical services. It does not mean you have to violate the right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness of others by demanding they provide it.We have the freedom of speech but this does not put an obligation on others to reply what you said on TV and make others watch.  We have the freedom of the press but this does not mean the government should create newspapers for each of us, or that I can force the New York Times to print my views.  We have the freedom of religion but this does not mean the government ought to build churches at someone else's cost or force everyone into a single monolithic religion.  Like wise, your freedom to contract with others to attain goods and services does not mean that others are obligated to provide those goods and services.2) Other countries aren't doing it well so we shouldn't do it at all.You're right in your assertion that just because someone else fails at something does not mean we will as well.  However, all countries that provide or have provided universal health care have struggled or collapsed.  This doesn't mean we should give up health care but it does mean we shouldn't try to emulate faltering systems.  Could we improve? Possibly.  Will we improve? Maybe, no one's done it yet though.  Does this mean we should coercively enlist all people into a single system that we can't guarantee is better when all evidence shows it creates more problems?  No.3) It's "Socialized Medicine".We aren't paying only when its an emergency.  Why would we expect more of the same to work when it hasn't anywhere else?  Why should we avoid a system, the free market, when it has worked  in every where else?  Don't confuse a free market system with a charity free system and don't confuse a socialist system with a free charity system.  What we need is a voluntary solution that emphasizes the patient, not a coerced monopoly that dehumanizes us all.