#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
 If you really want to be a follower of Ayn Rand, it might be better if you *think for yourself*. Reason and observation are key elements to her philosophy.  So let's use them.Look at history. Observe the past.  How did we even get to be where we are today in this nation? Is not the notion that all men are created equal a direct affront to anti-socialists?  How does any nation overcome the tyranny of the ruling class under which the masses suffered?Look at the history of man and how we gotten to be where we are today. History keeps repeating itself because there is this lie that has been believed that it is wrong to accept the enslavement of a small group who holds power over the needs... not wants... of all society - all men.  That socialism in any shape or form is wrong.   Capitalism is fine for the things that we want, but do not need.  It is what promotes the middle class and tears to pieces Marx's theory.  But history has shown us what occurs when what humans need is held up for sale to the highest bidder and those who can afford it.  History has also shown us that those who control those supposed "markets" of what is strictly a need are also the ones who can afford to exert such power and the abuse they reek upon the rest of SOCIETY.  En mass.  When one small group holds power over the needs of the masses, it is not the masses who are enslaving themselves to make the "need" available to all; it is the small group who holds the power who holds the masses enslaved to their own desires. It is slavery of the small, controlling power over the general public.  And when those powers exist in a capitalist society,  the desire to obtain more.  Capitalism breeds excess.  I love capitalism.  It has given more opportunity to more people than in any other system.  But it is not perfect.  There must be balances to this. These balances must occur in the needs of men.  We must balance out capitalism with the knowledge that history has given us - the needs of men are not for sale.  They must be available to all people.  Food, Water, and yes, Health care.    These are basic rights.  The denial of these rights by the people who control them have led to revolution after revolution... some violent and some more of an   evolution   than a revolution.   It is reasonable to assume that health care is a need and a right.  It is reasonable to assume that it is affordable, and well within our collective means.  We have survived as a species by working collectively.  It isn't altruism.. it was necessary for survival.  Looking out for your neighbor means that he will look out for you... and if he doesn't, the guy on the other side will.  Provided you're not a complete douche (which is the point of why it's not altruism to look out for your neighbor, but is actually done in self-interest).  Reason and observation will also show you why it's a good idea to have a healthy "herd". 