#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=yes
#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
Here is the Obama Healthcare Proposal link (lol, apparently the webmaster who posted this doesn't know how to filter spam comments, that aside, it's the entire bill)First the fear tactics being used by the Isurance industry:1. Death Panels - they don't exist, end of life counseling is simply when a person at any time in their life, (they don't even have to be dying that's just when people do it usually) discusses with their doctor (not the government) what to do in the event of life support, donating organs, etc. All of the choices are the individual's, doctors have no say, the government has no say. As Jon Stewart pointed out very well part 1 part 22. We would pay for the healthcare of illegal non-citizens:Simply not true. There is nothing in this or any proposed bill that would lead one to believe it were true. There is nothing that could even be mistaken for something that could lead to this being true later. It's a lie aimed at a specific group of people to get them riled against the bill.3. They are going to take money away from Medicare:Ignoring that Medicare is a government program and the naysayers should be all for taking money away from medicare - if they were basing their arguements on principle at least - this is not true either. Here is where Medicare is mentionedA. in a pricing section stating a public plan shall not excede the price set in a Medicare program where the price has been set, ie, you can't charge more than medicare charges an individual.B. in defining "qualified person" one of the qualifications is to not already have Medicare Part A and B C. again referring to cost, it states pricing should "substantially" reflect the pricing under medicareThose are the only scare tactics I've heard so far, but I'm sure there are more, and if anyone is scared by them, feel free to read it yourself or ask me.Now for what it does say, cliff notes, the whole bill is there if you want more details:1. a person cannot be denied coverage for any pre-existing condition2. a person cannot be denied renewal based on anything at all3. prices should reflect prices set in existing government health programs (medicare, medicaid, VA, government employee healthcare, etc) and should not excede these costs and where prices have not already been set should be determined by the Secretary4. healthcare is mandatory for all citizens (the 30 million who don't have it need to get it, kind of like you can't drive without insurance)5. individuals choose their own doctor. An insurance co. can no longer tell you what doctor they will or won't cover, and of course the government does not tell you what doctor to see.6. medical decisions are made by health professionals (doctors, nurses, chiropractors, etc) and the individual, and insurance companies no longer have any say in the care of a patient7. no one can interfere with these rightsI fail to see the downside outside of the initial cost, which could easily be compensated by 30 million people paying into the system who currently do not.However, no program in the history of mankind has ever been perfect, and I'm sure there will be problems,but again, we have the worst Healthcare system of the industrialized world. There are third world countries with better Healthcare right now. Every country with some kind of public healthcare has better Healthcare than we do. I fail to see how this wouldn't be much better than what we have.