#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"You're absolutely correct. You exist solely on your own and in no way do you owe anything - not one single thing - to any other human being. You are an island. You have your own mind, your own goals, and your own life that exists in a bubble."Sure sounds like paradise to me. I don't owe anyone anything and no one owes anything to me."In no way is it ever possible that man survived by being a social animal..." Oh, it's perfectly possible but this doesn't mean people persistently robbed each other when they were "needy.""...and in no way is society derived out of being social towards one another." In a financial sense, no. Society is derived out of the voluntary exchange of consenting individuals. "That would have been mass enslavement, and no one would have ever done it... because no one man ever needs another to survive."I'm sure they do, but this doesn't mean I automatically owe to IRS money because someone else got in a car wreck, or got pregnant. "There's no such thing as society and *if there was* it would only exist as a slave market."Does this have any relevance to what Nigel said?"The essence of morality is to be purely selfish" Definitely not. Pure selfishness is exactly what you'll get when people feel they are entitled to free stuff at someone else's expense."which means that no one else on the entire earth matters except yourself; that is exactly what it means to always act in self-interest."Other people matter too, as long as they pull their own weight and don't force people to do things they don't want to."The values that man requires is not contingent upon another human being in any way, shape, or form."It sure is contingent upon others, don't take from me, and I won't take from you is one such example. "Society is evil, as is socialism, as is anything that forces any one man to have to interact with others."Newsflash: People don't need to be taxed out of their minds in order for them to interact with each other. Pretty sure the market's success depends upon human interaction anyway."Because you are correct, Nigel - you're an island with your own mind, your own goals, and your own life."I wish that was the case for me. :( "And might I point out that one of the arguments that is used against Universal Health is that there are currently waiting lines, rationing, and monumental incompetence and arrogant bureaucracy (glad you spelled that correctly, first)."Boy, where to start with that one....  http://willtoexist.com/universal-health-care_1202  /