#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
In market situation, the sellers, in order to sell must have improved product that buyers are willing to pay, and the seller is able to charge a very high price because the buyer lacks bargaining power. In UHC, there is a single buyer and many sellers, by which the buyer will be able to negotiate with the seller to obtain a mutually satisfactory price. Moreover, the single buyer moves greater competitiveness on the supply side, such as equipment, supplies, medications, and specialized services for seller will improve their product in order to sell.An effective US   health care   system is not just a moral imperative (by which everyone has medical coverage, and care are based on medical need rather than ability to pay, and services are not denied  because it's not covered or you have a pre-existing condition). UHC is also essential to revive the   economy  , and to maintain employees’   health   to continue productivity. Health care costs are a huge burden on the individual, big, and small businesses alike, on the state and federal governments, and for the economy as a whole. With UHC, the businesses out of pocket expenses and payroll costs would go down, making them more productive and remain competitive in global business.Why we will have more qualified   healthcare   providers? Below are some of the highlights of the BILL ‘‘America’s Affordable Health Choices Act of 2009’’ which is self explanatory.(a) IN GENERAL.—there are establish   conditions   of participation for health care providers under the public health insurance option. ?	LICENSURE OR CERTIFICATION.—the health care provider must be appropriately licensed or certified under State   law  . ?	 PREFERENCE.—in enrolling eligible providers in the program, providers must have :( A) Have documented experience in using patient decision aids for the conditions identified. ?	Must have established compliance standards and procedures that must be communicated effectively to all employees and other agents, such as by requiring participation in training programs or by disseminating publications that explain in a practical manner what is required. ?	The organization must have taken reasonable steps to achieve compliance with its standards, such as by utilizing monitoring and auditing systems reasonably designed to detect criminal, civil, and administrative violations by its employees.?	The standards must have been consistently enforced through appropriate disciplinary mechanisms, including, as appropriate,   discipline   of individuals responsible for the failure to detect an offense.QUALITY ASSURANCE AND PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—there shall be established and implemented quality assurance and performance improvement program (referred to as the ‘QAPI program’). Under the QAPI program, the Secretary shall establish standards relating to such facilities and provide technical assistance to such facilities on the development of best practices in order to meet such standards with quality assessment and assurance activities conducted under clause RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MONITORAn independent monitor (1) conduct periodic reviews and prepare root- cause quality and deficiency analyses if facilities are in compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (2) undertake sustained oversight of the facilities to involve the owners of the chain and the principal business owners in facilitating compliance with State and Federal laws and regulations applicable to the facilities; (3) analyze the management structure, distribution of expenditures, and nurse staffing levels of facilities in relation to resident census, staff turnover rates, and tenure.(4) Report findings and recommendations with respect to such reviews, analyses, and oversight toThe Secretary and to relevant States; and (5) publish the results of such reviews, analyses, and oversight.