#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
That "bum" you refer to represents the 47 million americans who can not afford our exorbitant current   healthcare   rates. Around 22,000 people in the U.S. die a year because they can't afford healthcare. Imagine a "bum" who has a family and chooses to feed them instead of visiting the doctor because he can't afford both. Should the   children   of the "bum" have to suffer and possibly die because the "bum" can't afford healthcare? With a single-payer system or at least a public option this scenario would not exist. The child's medical condition could have been prevented if he had visited the doctor precisely when he started having symptoms.Healthcare should not be something you have to earn, it is a right. Do you have to earn protection from the   police   or the fire department? No, they are guaranteed to be there to protect you. Should you have to earn being cared for when you randomly develop   cancer  ?No Should you have to earn being able to take your children to the doctor?NoYou can compare healthcare to a police force. Cancer can be compared to a person who is attacking you. If a police officer is near you while you are being attacked, he will obviously intervene because it is his duty. If your body is slowly being attacked by cancer (an attacker), the doctor (officer) does not need to intervene if you don't have insurance.So if you agree with the above statement, you would also agree that you should have to pay insurance for police, and if you didn't have insurance, the police wouldn't have to help you if you were being attacked.The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, issued by the UN, states that healthcare is a basic human RIGHT. The United States of America accept this declaration, and if you do not, you are disagreeing with one of the most basic declarations of human rights.P.S. With a public option, the rich population of America could still get their pampered, expensive   health care   while the rest of the population who is not so fortunate could receive a free option.