#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"But you gladly give your   money   up for roads you do not travel on,   water   you do not drink, garbage that isn't yours, libraries you will never enter, etcetera etcetera etcetera. You gladly pay for the   health care   of   senators   that don't give a crap about you, and millions of other federal employees that don't do a damn thing for you. "  NO I DON'T!!!!  I grudgingly oblige to pay my   taxes   every year because if I don't I go to jail.  And then of course you continued to insult me based on these false assumptions... thanks."you don't like the United States of America and the ideals it was founded upon... again... ignoring the fact that it was basically a group of rich white guys who didn't want to pay taxes. We've ignored that fact since we could print text books and lie about it, why stop now?"  I have never deluded myself into thinking that anyone except white tax hating men founded this country.  I completely agree with them 100%.  Even after all the checks and balances they built into the system, it still managed to get out of control because people love power over others.  I don't want power over others and I don't want others to have power over me.  Unfortunately, they do.  I am afraid to speed, I am afraid to not pay taxes, I am afraid to do things that I should be allowed to do because they cause no harm to anyone else.  I am afraid to buy   marijuana   and sell   alcohol   to 20 year olds.  Don't get me wrong, I definitely believe in having laws and upholding them.  I just wish there was a limit on what laws can be created."But if all you end up being (profession-wise) is a janitor, you deserve to not lose the home you worked just as hard as I did for mine (and Bill Gates for his)" I'm sorry, I firmly believe that Bill Gates worked his ass off to get where he is.  I'm currently working my ass off to get where I want to be and the only way I would be a janitor is if I gave up and stopped trying.  People get where they want in life by putting in as much work as they're willing to put in.  If someone is a janitor, it's because he wasn't willing to work hard enough to get to carpenter."Are you confusing material possessions with what makes a person better?" I'll let you decide.I want to earn enough money to send my   kids   to   college  .  I want to have enough money to go on vacations and spend time with my future family.  I want to earn enough to buy the best   health insurance  .  I want enough to provide a comfortable home and nutritional   food  .  I want to earn enough to take time off work to teach them morals and educate them on how to be a better person to themselves and to others.  I want enough money to afford to donate to organizations I think are worthy and not corrupt.  I want to earn enough money to buy my kids gymnastics lessons or hockey lessons or whatever they want to do.  I want to earn enough money that I don't have to keep struggling to find a better job... I want to be a college professor someday and help students achieve their dreams.  If that doesn't pay enough, I will strive to be a research director for a biomedical   technology   company to design and test biomedical devices to increase the quality of life for many people.  And I want to buy a very nice computer monitor so my research is easier and more enjoyable.  By the way, I am a girl, why does everyone mistake me for a man?"Does This make Me a better person?" Yes.  Compared only to yourself if you were more lazy and greedy.  I don't compare people to other people, I compare them to what they could be.  A murderer could have been a better person.And now, off to try to find that link...