#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
"....thanks, but that's not communism. It's a distortion." It's okay, other people have tried to insist the same thing. If I supported a type of   society   which killed millions I would probably say the same thing. The main advantage the authors of this book had over others is that they had full access to KGB archives, among other things."How many people died under the distortion of capitalism? I don't know... but quite a lot."Probably had nothing to do with capitalism though, I'm pretty sure of that. "People still do because "capitalism" supports "communism"."How so???"Or, maybe you haven't noticed that production has all but ceased here and has been moved to places where profit is maximized but at a human cost?"Ah yes, that human cost. That horrible cost of giving people an incentive to produce more leading to more compensation and soon more innovation."Now... it's a common idea that there's no such thing as altruism. It's an argument. That's all..... and it's a very easy argument to make and a hard one to argue against."It's easy to argue against, but convincing someone who is convinced no such thing exists is indeed a challenge (QED). "But what about Mother Theresa?... but what about some regular person? Greater reward.... that's why."So the people who risk death for no compensation are doing it for some random award? Why so?"Mother Theresa did all those things because of the ultimate, and purely selfish act of getting into heaven."Why go through all the trouble that she went through if she could have just as easily achieved the same means without the hassle of helping complete strangers?"It doesn't mean you don't appreciate human life.... but acting in self-interest is the reason behind most actions."I can agree with this statement to an extent. How a non-capitalist society can "solve" this "problem" is beyond me. "I made my new neighbors   vegan   brownies because I want them to like me... that way they'll call 911 if my house is on fire."Do you know FOR SURE that they will call 911 if your house catches fire?"Purely selfish.... but I do think they're nice people and I hope they enjoy the brownies (which were Not goopy, amazingly)."That's nothing compared to baking a chicken that isn't dry (at least for me it is).