#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
I believe that the efforts to make Health Care accessible, affordable and flexible will endanger our ability to deliver innovative, quality care to a vast majority of Americans that are currently covered and content with the quality of the care they receive.   Catastrophic care and access to care are certainly issues that should be discussed and acted upon, but not at the cost of the covered.  Why penalize Americans with a bureaucratic monolithic Health Care service?   Many lessons learned can be obtained if we take a deeper look at the   evolution   of the NHS in the UK.  Here are a variety of issues that have impacted socialized / universal care in Denmark, Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, France & the UK.? Universal Health Care will mean an increase in   taxes  ? Will cap the salaries of clinical professionals? Will decrease the amount of specialist (access & credentialed)? Will limit innovation in   health   information   technology  ? Will limit innovation in medical devices? Will lower personalized services (one size fits all)? Will lower expectations for services, delivery & quality of care? Will increase wait time for procedures? Will increase wait time for surgeries? Will deny services (surgeries / treatments) for senior citizens? Will increase supplemental insurance premiums for privatized care? Will require additional travel to acquire medical services, especially specialty services? Will attenuate innovative procedures & roll out of new technologies? Will harm ability to deliver emergency care (ambulance limitations)? Will harm patient and consumer choice in services, physicians and treatment plans? Will increase layers of bureaucracy? Will lower requirements & require incentives for capped medical professionals? Will increase malpractice suits? Will harm patient safety? Will continue to provide medical services to un-authorized illegal’s? Will increase foreign borne physicians ? Will lower clinical services, benefits & rights offered to over 80% of current insured Americans? Will lower the standards of care? Will require new Government protocols, regulation and mandates set up by bureaucrats, lacking medical credentials? Will lower patient options? Will close medical facilities and specialty services and clinics across the country (consolidation off services, for cost control)? Will limit   medication   competition? Will eliminate competition? Will harm Health Care supporting & contributing industries? Will decrease number of "nationals" physicians (medical school recruitment challenges)This is data that I have accrued over the past 24 years in Health Care information technology.  I have been providing national and international market research for more than 24 countries around the world (primarily OECD countries); representing Health Care IT and medical device firms wanting to break in to new vertical regions.  These challenges are sourced by Health Care professionals, administrators and managing directors; not local or regional news stories, but from the perspective of the current   environment  , business climate, opportunities for private versus public Health Care environments.Interesting factoids:1.	The fastest growing market segment in Health Care in the UK is privatisation2.	The number of national bourne clinicians has dropped by over 68% since the birth of the NHS3.	Cost for preventative maintenance in   healthcare   does NOT lower the cost of end of life care, therefore the findings are that prevention  is a cost as chronic diseases are merely managed not eradicated (diabetes,   cancer  , morbid   obesity  , COPD, heart disease…)Without a doubt the top reasons that aspects of Health Care will require nationalization or supplements form the tax payer(s) is:1.	Chronic Disease 2.	Catastrophic Care3.	End of Life Care4.	Pediatric Care5.	End of Life CareThe latest innovations in Health Care will be in the following arenas for cost control and management1.	The invention of hybrid care; balancing private and public allowing choice and consumerism as well as leveraging competition to push for innovation and new technologies to improve quality of life2.	Health Care IT will need to improve to allow interoperability and clinical data consolidation to allow data aggregation and mining to help manage Chronic Disease Management, Personal Health Records & Enable Community Health / Lifestyle Health Management3.	Home Health / Tele-Monitoring (Cost Control)4.	Personalized Medicine (Genomic Medicine / Molecular Prevention)5.	Quality to Quantitative   medicine   evolution