#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--Highlander--"I am sure that Highlander is familiar with the  foundational works of Behe and Dembski,both rely on the absence of science being  able to explain a particular feature to infer 'design'."Would that a citation exist to back this one up! --Sure, always ready to please the audience.William Demsbki. "The Design Inference: Eliminating Chance through Small Probabilities", Cambridge Studies in Probability, Induction and Decision Theory, 1998William Dembski, 'No Free Lunch: Why Specified Complexity Cannot Be Purchased without Intelligence ", Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, Inc.,  2001Irreducible Complexity is an example of Behe's formulation of 'ignorance should be called design'. In case of Behe, his biggest mistake is that he limits himself to only Darwinian processes and the concept of original function.So let me explain what the design inference is all about:The Explanatory FilterA good overview of the filter and its shortcomings can be found in Wilkins, John S, and Wesley R Elsberry. 2001. The advantages of theft over toil: the design inference and arguing from ignorance. Biology and Philosophy 16 (November):711-724.    http://www.talkdesign.org/faqs/theftovertoil/theftovertoil.html    Basically the steps involve1. High probability then it was caused by a regularity2. Intermediate probability then it was caused by chance3. Small probability: either chance or design depending on the existence of a "specification"Specification is a somewhat tricky concept but according to Dembski, function in biology would be a sufficient specification. Ironically, function is also the outcome of the process of natural selection and thus whether the low probability score was caused by our ignorance or because of design is why the design inference remains without content, in case of rarefied design.Rarefied design: Rarefied design inferences tell us nothing that can be inductively generalized.The authors observe "There is an in-principle difference between rarefied and ordinary design inferences, based on the background knowledge available about ordinary, but not rarefied, design agencies."This is an important observation because it helps us understand why historical sciences can accurately apply 'design inferences' while ID remains scientifically without content. 