#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
I have yet to read a single sentence from any ID proponent that provides "testable predictions about the type of informational properties we expect to find in nature if an intelligent agent were at work in designing a natural object." Over and over this or similar verbiage is used to defend ID, but ID never produces any predictions. This isn't a theory, this is an untested hypothesis."Design theorists hypothesize that if a natural object was designed, it will contain high levels of CSI." Explicitly and accurately defining CSI in such a manner that a specific prediction can be made would be a good first step. For instance, no where do I find in any ID writing anything that I can use to identify CSI. Is CSI DNA? Is CSI morphology? Is CSI hair color or eye color? Is CSI behavior? How would I know CSI when I see it? Since I can't pin down exactly what CSI is, I can't make any predictions about it, or with it."Scientists employing ID compare observations of how intelligent agents act when they design things to observations of phenomena whose origin is unknown. Human intelligence provides a large empirical dataset for studying the products of the action of intelligent agents."In the experience of human beings, other human beings are the only creatures we have ever demonstrably seen design anything. (Meaning we can prove that the designed thing was designed)  ID STARTS from a biased position. How often has the design hypothesis, caused by this human bias to detect agents, failed when used to explain natural phenomena? Ask any child in Sunday school what thunder is, and you will hear a failed design hypothesis: "the angels are bowling.""Mathematician and philosopher William Dembski observes that "the principal characteristic of intelligent agency is directed contingency, or what we call choice."(5) When "an intelligent agent acts, it chooses from a range of competing possibilities" to create some complex and specified event. Dembski calls ID "a theory of information" where "information becomes a reliable indicator of design as well as a proper object for scientific investigation." ID thus seeks to find in nature the types of information which are known to be produced by intelligent agents, and reliably indicate the prior action of intelligence."What information is 'known to be produced by intelligent agents, and reliably indicate the prior action of intelligence?' Again, define explicitly what CSI is."Irreducible complexity is a form of specified complexity, which exists in systems composed of "several interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, and where the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning." Because natural selection only preserves structures that confer a functional advantage to an organism, it is argued that such systems would be unlikely to evolve through a Darwinian process because there exists no evolutionary pathway wherein they could remain functional during each small evolutionary step."Every time I have read an example of irreducible complexity put forth by ID proponents, it has taken literally seconds for me to do enough research to discover that someone has already either a) performed the scientific research to explain, using evolutionary science, the rise of said example from primitive and simple beginnings to the 'irreducibly complex' structure found in nature, or b) is currently DOING the scientific research, and the initial results look like they will show an evolutionary pathway for said example. "ID is a historical science, meaning it employs the principle of uniformitarianism, which holds that the present is the key to the past. ID investigations thus begin with observations about how intelligent agents operate and then proceed to convert those observations into positive predictions of what scientists should find in nature if intelligent design was involved in the origin of a given natural object."Ok, fair enough. What are the 'positive predictions' made by ID?"Specifically, the theory predicts that we will find large amounts of specified complexity in natural objects."Oh, there they are. ID predicts that complex things are complex. Does ID offer anything MORE specific?"Intelligent design has scientific merit because it is an empirically based argument that uses well-accepted scientific methods of historical sciences in order to detect in nature the types of complexity which we understand, from present-day observations, are derived from intelligent causes."And it does so without explicit definitions of terms used in it's arguments, specific predictions, experiments that have validated it's predictions, or any other kind of evidence that is useful or relevant when evaluating it's truth claims.When held to the standards of proof required for all other scientific theories, ID fails.