#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Unfortunately Dr. Behe continues his standard modus operandi, which is making bald assertions backed up by incredibly tenditious interpretations of mainstream evolutionary research, and ignoring the counterevidence which has been publicly presented to him again and again.In this essay Behe makes basically two assertions: (1) observed evolution mostly produces "degradative changes" and (2) mutation & selection cannot produce irreducibly complex systems.  Addressing them in turn:1. Behe, either here or elsewhere, has provided no objective definition of what evolutionary changes are "degradative" and what are "improvements".  It's entirely his subjective opinion, which lets him arbitrarily declare anything he feels forced to accept as a natural evolutionary product to be "degradative".  But what is degradative?  Probably most evolutionary changes that improve e.g. a protein in one aspect "degrade" a protein in some other aspects.  Optimization for specific binding to substrate A will often (not always) decrease binding to substrate B.  But on this standard, a great number of evolutionary changes that Behe surely would consider "improvements" would actually be "degradative."  Ape feet are prehensile, with thumbs and great dexterity.  They evolved into human feet, which have pretty miserable dexterity and actually aren't even that good as feet compared to, say, virtually any other large running vertebrate (think of cow hooves or ostrich feet).  Bird wings are pretty spiffy at flight, but they're no good at what they used to be (the grasping forelimbs of bipedal carnivorous dinosaurs).  Human brains are certainly great evolutionary innovations, but came at the cost of numerous, pretty much ludicrous compromises from the point of view of a tidy-minded designer focused on a general sense of improvement (i.e., someone like Michael Behe): that huge head has to be jammed through the female pelvis (why?  why not put the birth canal in just any other part of the female body?  You will find the answers in evolution, not intelligent design), resulting in difficult, very painful births compared to other animals, and high rates of mother & infant mortality & injury.  To this we can add literally years of painstaking childcare and teaching (compare to the large animals on the African savanna, who can stand and run within hours of being born) to train up the brain and the underdeveloped infant body, and a major energetic cost.The point is that someone using Behe's loose, arbitrary standards could pretty much argue that any evolutionary change was "degradative."  He isn't doing science, he's just name-calling.If we move to Behe's likely defense position, the situation doesn't improve.  Perhaps Behe would argue that "breaking genes" or "decreasing substrate specificity" are objectively degradative.  Perhaps, but if that's his standard, then his argument is easily disproven, because we have numerous examples of (a) evolution producing new genes with new functions and (b) evolution producing increases in substrate specificity.  Examples are easy to find, Behe likely won't even dispute this point since he knows it is true (unlike most ID advocates, incidentally), but here are references to reviews for those who are interested:Long, M., E. Betr‡n, K. Thornton, and W. Wang. 2003. The origin of new genes: glimpses from the young and old. Nature Reviews Genetics 4: 865-875.    http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=The    +origin+of+new+genes%3A+glimpses+from+the+young+and+old&hl=en&lr=&btnG=SearchNicholas J. Matzke (2007). ÒThe edge of creationism.Ó Trends In Ecology and Evolution (review of Behe's The Edge of Evolution):    http://www.pandasthumb.org/archives/2007/10/full-text-of-th.html    (to be continued)