#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"One of the major problems that we all have (in fact, it’s the same problem Adam and Eve had in the Garden of Eden) is that we tend to start from outside God's Word and then go to what God has written in the Bible (or—in Adam's case—what God forbade him to do) to try to interpret it on the basis of our own pre-set ideas. This is the major reason why most people question the length of the days of creation in the book of Genesis."Objection! Assumes facts not in evidence, including the claim that the Bible is the Word of God. It is dishonest to claim that those who reject or even question the Bible's dogmas are doing so because of "pre-set ideas". A common fallacy of bigots is to claim that their opponents are also bigoted. This is a smokescreen."If the Bible is the inspired Word of the infinite Creator God, then it must be self-authenticating and self-attesting—and it is. At the same time, my presupposition is that we should start with what God's Word says regardless of outside ideas, for only God's Word is infallible."Nonsense! NOTHING is self-authenticating. You would never say anything else was, so why make an exception for the Bible? Especially considering the existence of other religious texts, most of whom you would DENY because of your faith in the Bible. And the followers of other faiths, in turn, would deny the Bible because of THEIR faith. "If people doubt the length of the days of creation when the language of the Bible speaks so plainly that they are regular days, then they are accepting a particular approach to all of Scripture. Why shouldn't they then start to doubt that Christ's Virgin Birth really means a virgin birth? Why shouldn't people start to doubt that the Resurrection really means resurrection?"There is clear evidence for a universe and Earth billions of years old and for the evolution of life and thus good reason to deny a literal reading of the Genesis creation stories. There is no evidence to outright deny the Virgin Birth of Christ or His Resurrection. Those who put their faith in Genesis more than in Jesus have no business calling themselves Christians.