#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
I will address the post by Americans United for Separation of Church and State here and then address the question of constitutionality in another post.Let me begin by saying that this very topic is curious--"Intelligent Design is Unconstitutional."  As a student of constitutional law, I failed to realize that concepts like those we are discussing here have constitutional merit.  Is gravity constitutional and astrology unconstitutional?  The fact that this title suggests we argue over whether or not intelligent design is constitutional is laughable.For the sake of argument, however, I'll accept that the Americans United for Separation of Church and State probably meant to say that the teaching of intelligent design is unconstitutional.  Correct me if I am wrong, but I believe that the AUSCS would go so far as to say any presentation of or allusion to intelligent design in the science classroom is unconstitutional.  But is this the case?Let's start with the last sentence in the AUSCS's argument--that the Discovery Institute's response to Judge Jones was that he plagiarized his opinion and such a response is a low blow and "not a scientific argument."For beginners, that was not the Discovery Institute's argument.  The DI presented a number of objections--both scientific and legal--against Judge Jones' brief.  But the portion of the brief in question was not plagiarized, nor was the accusation leveled by the DI.  They claimed that a majority--a shocking majority--of this portion of the opinion was copied verbatim from the legal brief submitted by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).  This is not plagiarism.  In fact, judges do occasionally copy small portions of either the plaintiff or defendant's legal brief.  The complaint was that so much of the brief was copied--some 90+ percent--that it seemed that Judge Jones merely copied the ACLU's report without doing further research on the issue.  THAT is the argument put forth by the DI.Another argument that the AUSCS got wrong is the notion that intelligent design has never appeared in a single peer-reviewed journal.  This notion is blatantly false.  ID has indeed been peer-reviewed and, in fact, many pro-ID scientists have served as referees for other peer-reviewed journals.  But this, like the previous argument, has nothing on the question of constitutionality.But now the real problem with this argument that AUSCS makes.  First, did they seriously just call this argument a "low blow?"  I disagree, but let's say they're right and this is a low blow.  Does being low suddenly make the argument wrong or false?  Remember, truth claims have nothing to do with how they are presented and neither does constitutionality.Now, I think we see why the AUSCS is wrong here--they call DI's argument "not scientific."  Well, while the debate between intelligent design and evolution should be scientific, the question of constitutionality is NOT a scientific one.  Never once in any of my many constitutional law classes, not in any of my law presentations or assignments, not once when I worked in the US Congress, was something ruled unconstitutional or illegal because of a scientific standard.  Let's remember what the question is--is the teaching/presentation of intelligent design in schools constitutional.  This question is not a scientific one--it is a legal one.Another point to remember is that Judge Jones' decision pertains to the case "Kitzmiller v. Dover" which was decided in 2005.  The case was not "Intelligent Design v. US Constitution" decided for all time.  In fact, on this issue, constitutional law scholars refer to other cases before the Dover trial--Epperson, Edwards, and so forth--and even those cases are not conclusive.  The US Constitution is a changing document--each case brings a new reading and interpretation to it.So is the teaching or discussing of intelligent design in public school science classes constitutional or not?  To find out, read my next post.