#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
You mean ones like 'WMAP shows that we are at the center of the universe' or the quote of Carter?Well, I realize that one does remain "The Goldilocks Enigma is a falsifiable observation that makes testable predictions:"As I already explained though observations are seldomly falsified as they are based on observed data. What science does is, given these observations, to propose a hypothesis to explain the coincidence. You claim that you have provided a 'falsifiable prediction' but so far the prediction at best is ad hoc, not surprisingly perhaps because there appears to be a lacking 'hypothesis' to support your 'prediction'.--IslandI gave supported examples for how the predictive capabilities of the Goldilocks Enigma lie in the balance between diametrically opposing runaway tendencies .--A meaningless statement really. You referred to the work by Ryals (aka island) who made some pretty ad hoc claims. But perhaps, I may not fully understand your position which seems to be based mostly on perusing some literature which you believe shows non-copernican tendencies and then claim 'see...'. What I see is how science is exploring a large variety of plausible explanations for the observations and is not jumping to conclusions without a good supporting base of hypotheses and data. Which is why most suggest that we basically do not know how to explain the correlations and alignment of the data in WMAP, especially now that science has found how these are lacking in other data from MASS2. In fact, the author suggests that the tools to detect these anomalies may be lacking. In other words, --A better approach to the search for non-Gaussianity in the CMB data may be through more theoretically motivated searches. With blind searches we fall into the trap that one can always Þnd a non-Gaussian signal in a map, even if it is consistent with Gaussianity. Thus general non-Gaussian detections can easily be dismissed. However, blind searches have the advantage of scope, and can detect the signatures of new physics. In either case, we can still improve on ourcurrent investigations. The wealth of statistics employed in the literature are not independent, but the degeneracies and correlations are not clear.--That by itself should be sufficient a warning to not conclude that the WMAP data _shows_ that we are at the center of the universe. At best one may argue that it is consistent with such, although even that one lacks in sufficient theoretical evidence. In other words, what is missing is showing that this is exactly a prediction or outcome of the model which Island prefers. Although he has hinted at the Einstein model, it is far from clear that this is the one he has in mind as specifics seem to be largely lacking.In order to do some real science, I suggest that Island presents his preferred model, without which it is impossible to evaluate his claims, and then shows that the model indeed predicts or explains the observed correlations and alignments.That's what science would do.