#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Remember Nick Matzke? A few years ago, he outlined based on an extensive study of the scientific literature and homology studies a plausible scenario for the evolution of the bacterial flagellum.The title was "Evolution in (Brownian) space: a model for the origin of the bacterial flagellum"    http://www.talkdesign.org/faqs/flagellum.html   In this article, Nick outlined various predictions and now we have received the exciting news that science has found supporting evidence for his predictionsAnother touch down for science.Mark Pallen, one of several experts, has written two articles in which he outlines not only how ID has remained scientifically without content in describing the bacterial flagellum, the hallmark evidence of design according to ID, but also how science has developed a level of knowledge which has removed yet another cloud of ignorance, and thus further dismantling the 'design inference'.   http://pandasthumb.org/archives/2008/09/mark-pallen-on.html   When will ID proponents admit that Behe was wrong and that 'design' has been disproven? Dispatches from the cutting edge of flagellar biology, part 1   http://roughguidetoevolution.blogspot.com/2008/09/dispatches-from-cutting-edge-of.html   Dispatches from the cutting edge of flagellar biology, part 2   http://roughguidetoevolution.blogspot.com/2008/09/dispatches-from-cutting-edge-of_17.html   --In 2003, Nick Matzke (then at the NCSE and so a couple of years later science adviser to the plaintiffs in the Dover trial) wrote an essay summarising plausible evolutionary scenarios for the origin of the bacterial flagellum. He noted a couple of previous suggestions that the proto-flagellum might have originated from the F-type ATPase. Crucially, he predicted that additional homologies would be found between components of the F-type ATPase and the flagellar protein export apparatus, for example between the b subunit of the ATPase and FliH and between the delta subunit and FliJ. In 2006, I confirmed one of Nick's hunches through homology searches, showing that part of FliH was homologous to the b subunit. However, things turned out slightly different from Nick's predictions in that FliH is actual of a fusion of domains homologous to the b subunit and the delta subunit.Last year Namba's group published the structure of FliI and confirmed the striking homology with the F-type ATPase enzymatic subunits. At that stage in the game, it had become clear that the ATPase was a universal component not just of flagellar export systems but also of non-flagellar type III secretion systems. Also, if it was also clear that if one knocked out the gene for FliI, one abolished flagellar biosynthesis. Thus, just about everyone in the field accepted that FliI was an essential component of the flagellar apparatus and that it energised secretion of proteins through the protein export system. In other words, if there were anything to the idea, put forward by Behe and others in the ID movement, that the flagellum showed "irreducible complexity", even experts might have accepted that FliI was one of the "irreducible" components!!BUT earlier this year, Minamino and Namba (and independently a team headed by Kelly Hughes in the US) overturned all our assumptions by showing that it was perfectly possible to make flagella without FliI--what you needed to do was knock out FliH at the same time. Somehow or other FliH, which usually interacts with FliI, gums up the export apparatus in the absence of FliI. So, bang goes another pillar of support for the ID argument! In fact, it appears that flagellar protein export is powered not primarily by the ATPase by the proton-motive force. ..He provided a run through of all the work leading up to his recent Nature article on the dispensibility of FliI. I was then very proud to see him cite my paper on the FliH/F-type ATPase homology. But then he provided the final piece in the jigsaw (and Nick Matzke's ears should prick up at this point)!Namba and colleagues have now solved the structure of FliJ, another protein that interacts with FliI and FliH. And what they found was clear evidence of homology with yet another protein from the F-type ATPase--the gamma subunit!--So in other words, science supported two predictions by Nick Matzke and showed how Flil was not an essential part of flagellar function, even though knocking it out would prevent the flagellum from forming, when in addition to Flil also FliH was knocked out, the flagellum formed.What a day in history