#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"Yes.. he knew all of that -- he knew we would fall... he knew the translations would vary.. all of the above. Keep in mind also that some of what we are discussing is my particular viewpoint of God.. not a Catholic, Protestant... or anything like that perspective -"Well we are not really debating the Catholic or Protestant view on God... we are debating the creation / formation of Terra.  Was it created in 6 days a few thousand years ago or is it older?  What evidence is there that supports both views?If Terra was not created by a materialistic process, but rather by some supernatural agent then how do you prove which one(s) were responsible for it?  If it was an intentional creation then what was the motive behind its creation?You say that God knew that mankind would fall... do you also believe that people suffer for eternity in Hell for that fall?  Is it ethical to create intelligent creatures with the ability to act against your will IF you are going to   torture   them forever once they do?"Most importantly.. this life we live is the blink of an eye compared to eternity - pain and death that we perceive as so terrible.. is truly nothing but a dot on the timeline..."So then how is causing pain and death in that momentary blink worth an eternity of suffering?"And thou shalt not kill... thou shalt not   murder   . right.. you are talking about semantics - we all understand the meaning. "No, we don't.  Look at the Quakers / Amish... They believe that the commandment is 'Thou Shall not Kill'.  For some even killing in self defense is against God's will... yet a vast number of Christians see it quite differently.  Who is right?"All of us know that disciplining a child is important - spare the rod / spoil the child (which is a paraphrase of the actual verses) is an example of that lesson, which is absolutely true."Psalms 24:He who spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him is careful to   discipline   him. There are many who do take it literally.  How can you demonstrate that they are wrong?"Any sentence in the   bible   can be misinterpreted.. and misunderstood - yet, the fact remains that the rule itself is correct."Then how can you be sure that your interpretation is the correct one?"As far as those who don't believe in the 'Christian' God... this is an endlessly exaggerated perspective"Exaggerated? How so?  How is their view demonstratively inferior to Christian beliefs?  I'm sure that all the Hindi, Taoists, Buddhists, Jainists, Pagans, Shamanists, etc... would disagree that their perspective is somehow exagerated."Islam uses the bible"Have you ever read the Koran?  It is hardly the Bible."the jews use the bible"They use the OT as well as a whole host of commentaries such as the Talmud."among the jews and islamic it's simply they don't feel that Christ was divine"There is a great deal more to their respective theologies then 'Christ isn't divine'!"beyond that they are simply different splinters of Christianity"Judaism is a splinter of Christianity?  The   religion   / ethnic group that was around for centuries before Jesus was born?  The religion / ethnic group that Jesus was a part of is a splinter of the religion that did not start up until after Jesus had died?A more accurate statement would be that Christianity and Islam are splinters off of Judaism."There has only been one religion that professed divinity in the way that Christianity has.."And how does that, objectively, make Christianity the 'true religion'?"The point is - any line in the Bible or religious concept can be difficult if you come at it without understanding.."How do you, objectively, demonstrate which understanding is the correct one?  How can you be sure that your 'understanding' isn't just your interpretation, containing no objective truth to it?"If I had the inclination to explain each and every one to you..."How about explaining the passages where it is said that a male slave may be kept for 7 years but then must be freed... while a female slave can be kept for the span of her life? 