#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--tj10Look what happened to Richard Stenburg when he had the courage to allow an ID piece get published? Scientists and his peers jumped all over him. He lost his job and his reputation.---First of all his name is Sternberg or von Sternber, second of all, contrary to popular myth he did not lose his job. It helps to get at least these facts right and I understand that you may have gotten these flawed impressions from ID reports so let's look at the facts.As Schloss describes the portrayal of the Sternberg 'affair; in the movie "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed" (ironic title...)---After the article was published, rumors circulated that Sternberg was a young earth creationist. He’s not. Rumors circulated that Sternberg, contrary to standard policy for scientific publications, did not send the paper out for peer review. He definitely did. It was also claimed that Sternberg did not conform to the journal’s typical standards for seeking input from an associate editor. This is contested. Finally, it has been documented that communication between those associated with the journal and the Smithsonian Institution (involved in the journal’s publication) and/or the National Center for Science Education (a leading anti-creationist organization) inquired about Sternberg’s religious beliefs, political affiliations, and even discussed whether he should be terminated, formally disciplined, or made to resign.21 And it was decided none of these things should occur.So what actually did happen? Sternberg stepped down from his post as editor, but everybody agrees this has nothing to do with the article, and his term was set to expire before it appeared anyway. He was not fired or asked to resign at the Smithsonian. In fact, he didn’t even have a job at the Smithsonian to begin with (he is an employee of the National Institutes of Health). His was a courtesy appointment as a researcher, which was not rescinded. But after the term ran out, it was commuted to a lower prestige designation. From here the claims seem to get considerably more modest and also a bit more difficult to adjudicate. Sternberg claims his name was taken off his door, he had to move to worse work space, had to trade in his master key for another key, had to endure bureaucratic demands that others did not, and had his access to collections restricted. TheSmithsonian claims some of this happened and some didn’t, but much of what did happen also happened to others for reasons of general policy, some even before the article came out. The worst case scenario – which does not seem altogether unlikely – is that Sternberg indeed experienced a hostile work environment. It seems clear that colleagues viewed him as having betrayed the standards and reputation (but not the policies) of the organization, they were ticked with him, and as is not uncommon in such situations, he was subjected to gossip and the diminution of discretionary professional courtesies. ---Source: Jeffrey P. Schloss "The Expelled Controversy: Overcoming or Raising Walls of Division?", Center for Faith, Ethics, and Life Sciences Westmont CollegeI will address the other ill informed statements by TJ10 in a later posting.