#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"The name Intelligent Design is itself a hoax. It's meant to sound scientific to obscure the belief that the universe was created by a bodiless consciousness."So are your main criticisms of ID just superficial ones?"Further, to argue that the universe was created by some consciousness outside of the universe..."Who said anything about a supernatural entity?"...avoids the untidy question: Where would that consciousness be?"This question can easily remain unanswered if all we are trying to do is determine if certain features of the universe and in living systems are designed or not; we need not know what the location of a painter is for a cave painting to know that such a painter existed by inferring from the painting itself.    "If nowhere, then it can't have existed to begin with." See the above point, a design inference can be made independently from knowledge of a designing force's location. "If somewhere, then existence was already there before the bodiless consciousness came on the scene. Hence it could not have created existence."Where in the entire doctrine of ID do they state that "existence" is what the designer(s)/designing force created? In what book or article does a DI fellow state that there was know existence until a designer of some sort created it? Or are you just building a straw man?"Intelligent Design has no merit because it rests on the very concepts it denies."And this merit rests on what concept in denial? "For instance, it rests on the view that an "intelligence" created the universe---yet states that that thing is unknowable. If it's unknowable, then no one can declare it's intelligent---or that it exists."See the above point. We need not "know" the intelligence to draw inferences about it's existence because that's not what ID studies. ID studies the FEATURES that are best traced to an intelligence; not the intelligence itself."It's odd to attribute an orgin to the universe outside itself simply because it's complex. Given the naure of the universe, were it not complex, THAT would require an explanation."How so? And of course the origins of the Universe (even if it was from unintelligent causes) would be from outside itself, something would've had to have caused the big bang from the point of singularity. 