#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"An underlying assumption of ID is that intelligence is a property which we can generally understand through our observations of intelligent agents in the natural world."Ok.  And how many types of "intelligent agents" have you observed in this natural world?  I can think of one obvious type - humans.  Do you wish to specify other types of intelligent agents that you are observing?  Ants?  Chimpanzees?  Computers?  Hmm.  It seems that you would mainly observe us humans.So what makes you think that observing human intelligence means that "intelligence is a property which we can generally understand"?  I think you are committing the fallacy of trying to appeal to "common sense" in a very inappropriate manner.Humans are intelligent.Humans design things.Living entities appear designed.Therefore there must be some natural or supernatural designer who designed those living things.But, of course, this is a silly non sequitur."An underlying assumption of ID is that intelligence is a property which we can generally understand through our observations of intelligent agents in the natural world."I think your assumption is false as a generalization.  Perhaps we understand a lot of things about human intelligence.  But generalizing to ANY intelligence is silly.  I assume you don't have any good examples of alien intelligence.  And you don't want to admit that your designing intelligence has to be a supernatural intelligence.You want to have your cake and eat it too.  For you, obviously life is intelligently designed, but you refuse to get serious about who, how, why or when this intelligent agent actually did something in this natural world.Well, you can't have a "theory" of "intelligent design" without actually saying something about what actually happened so that your "theory" would actually mean something."allowing us to detect design in biology"Nonsense."I explained that the refusal of ID proponents to use ID to draw scientific conclusions about the nature or identity of the designer is principled rather than merely rhetorical."Riiight.  And that's one very good reason why there is no such thing as a theory of intelligent design."Thus for the scientific theory of ID to try to identify the designer would be to inappropriately conflate science with religion."And to fail to even think about the attributes required for the designer means that there is no such thing as the "theory of ID".  You are making "observations" and jumping to your  conclusion and there's nothing in between that would generate a "theory".