#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
The DI agrees that “Methodological naturalism simply requires that, in trying to explain any particular observation or experimental result, an investigator may not resort to miracles. (14)"  Note the word "requires".  This is the fundamental definition of science.The DI claims:"ID is not an appeal to a supernatural cause"but that is not the right question.  The right question is - does ID ALLOW a supernatural cause?  If it does, then it can never be science."Critics will immediately reply that while ID may not specifically invoke supernatural causation, it leaves open the possibility there was a supernatural creator.  For this reason, they will argue that by permitting supernatural causation, ID may be subject to the “whim of a deity” and loses the predictability and reliability required by methodological naturalism."Of course.  And that means it can never be science.  So in the next sentence, the DI waves its hands and asserts that:"This argument is logically flawed."Hilarious.  Why are they allowed to claim this argument is logically flawed?  The supernatural can never be part of science and ID admits that their "intelligent cause" could be supernatural.  Therefore it follows that ID can never be part of science.  If their "intelligent designer" swoops into this natural world on a "whim" and does something, science could never understand or explain it.  Science would always say "I don't know why this happened."  If ID admits that searching for a natural cause to explain some natural effect could be fruitless, then ID should give up that search and remain outside of science.  If ID thinks that there really could be a natural cause that explains their supposed design effect, they should tell their religious supporters and stop taking money from them.So in the next paragraph, let's change the subject:"While it is true that ID permits supernatural causation, the same is true of neo-Darwinism."Again hilarious.  Fundamentally, science assumes that there will never be a supernatural cause that produces a natural effect.  If this happened, science would be "baffled".  Science would say "I don't know yet."  Science would continue to look for a natural cause forever.  Science never gives up.  Maybe that Nobel Prize for a new natural law discovery will be found next year.The DI has spent millions of dollars on their campaign of propaganda.  They may claim that they are spending dollars on "research".  But is it research to find a natural cause for their supposed natural "design effect"?  Of course not.  They are forever in a state of "I don't know" so that really means "Let's don't go there."  So they can never do real scientific research into the question of WHY and HOW this cause produces this effect.  They can never come up with a scientific explanation.  (And that would assume that there is something which actually needs explaining.)And their propaganda continues:"More importantly, the design can be strongly inferred regardless of whether the designer is natural or supernatural."Baloney.  No evolutionary scientist agrees with that assertion.And then their final statement:"The theory of ID is simply an effort to empirically detect whether the “apparent design” in nature acknowledged by virtually all biologists is genuine design (the product of an intelligent cause)"A "theory" must do more than "detect".  A theory must EXPLAIN WHY.  So it is very clear from this admission that there can never be a "theory of ID".  A supernatural cause is outside of science and can never be used to explain why something happens in the natural world.So, does "intelligent design" have scientific merit?  Of course not.