#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Agreed that religious belief should not necessarily compel the rejection of well-established results from well-developed scientific fields.Disagree that evolution is such a field.  Too much interpretation, just so stories, falsified predictions, reading into the evidence, etc. Disagree that Intelligent design has no scientific merit.  Read the other side's answer to this attack.  Archeologists use various methods to determine design in things they find.  SETI faithful are looking for signs of intelligent design in space noise - stuff that can not be attributed to a natural source or explained by natural means.  ID scientists simply look at the scientific realities that we have come to learn about, a far cry from what Darwin knew, and they realize that scientifically speaking, these things cannot be explained by natural means.  To say they can is simply a statement of faith because the proof is not there.  Neither side is proven so both sides deserve a hearing.  Just because ID may not fit into the religion of most Darwinites or the worldview of the Naturalists, doesn't mean that it does not deserve a hearing. We are after truth not the validation of a certain world view whether it is right or wrong just to satisfy the intelligentsia whose pride would be hurt if they were shown to be wrong.AGREE that "This religious idea should not be imposed on public school science classes."HOWEVER, there is no reason whatsoever that there cannot be fair debate about it. There is no reason that both sides of the issue can not be talked about in class.  There is no reason to disallow all views but ones that fit within the beloved worldview of naturalism.  Science is after truth and should be willing to look at the evidence, whatever that may be.  And let's just say for sake of argument that there is a Creator.   So if there is some kind of intelligence behind earthly life, and again, no one has disproven this as a possibility, then it would seem that the theory of evolution (where everything evolved by random chance with no goal or purpose in mind) would not stand up to the evidence.  It would seem that a scientific and honest look at the evidence would point out the problems.  What is the harm of at least exploring this possibility since even Dawkins admits that he would be open to the possibility of the involvement of space aliens here?  WE JUST DON'T KNOW so it would seen that even the Darwinites would want to investigate this idea, unless of course they are afraid of losing their faith in Pope Charlie.Who the designer is has nothing to do with it and everyone knows that.  This complaint that ID is religious simply because it claims there is intelligence involved in the origin of life and therefore unscientific is a smoke screen to keep this idea from being taken seriously by people.  Scientists would rather ridicule it and use scaremonger tactics by screaming "religion!"  rather than answer it's claims rationally, because there are no answers.Open debate is all we are asking for.  Even the Discovery Insititute does not want mandated teaching of ID in the classroom. 