#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
is a common creationist position which misunderstand that most mutations are mostly neutral, few are strongly detrimental and some are beneficial. Now remember that the definition of the effect of mutations depends strongly on the environment, and that what is beneficial or detrimental or neutral in one environment can take on a different 'shape' in another environment.In general, mutations or more commonly known as variations, are incredibly important for evolution, since without such variation, evolution would not be able to do much of anything. So, in fact, variation is an important component to evolutionary theory and mutations are one way of variation to increase, but other mechanisms such as recombination can also increase the variation in the species by mixing and matching parts of genomes.This is one reason why Behe's claims about the edge of evolution are so poorly supported by fact and theory. Behe argues for instance that evolution is unable to explain two or more mutations because he insists that they have to happen at the same time. His argument is that intermediates do not exist and if they do, they do not have any beneficial advantage and thus are impervious to selection. So let's explore this with an example in which a mutation A and B are necessary for a particular beneficial event to happen (such as malaria resistance) and lets assume that A and B by themselves have near neutral fitness contributions in a particular environment. In Behe's world, this would mean that a population either has AB mutation or neither A nor B. However in reality, we know that populations exhibit a significant variability in which there will be some that will have a mutation A and others a mutation B but since these mutations are by themselves neutral, they can only spread to fixation via drift. This means small populations or a bottle neck or a selective sweep.However since A or B are already part of a subset of the population, all they need is another mutation event B or A, to suddenly expose a strongly selective advantage. The probability of such an event can be increased when A or B has come to fixation piggy backing on another selective event.Not only does this affect Behe's simplistic calculcations but in real life we actually have evidence of the existence of the many intermediates between no resistance to  to full resistance. In other words, we can observe the individual steps through which this resistance could have evolved. In other words, the suggestion that intermediates are without any selective value is shown to be erroneous.As to gene duplication and co-option, the reason why we see evolution re-using so many 'modules' is simple. Evolving a system of n components can reduce to a log(n) time when modules are re-used. So in case of 1000 components, this would reduce the time  from O(n) to O(log n) or from 10^n to n. Not a bad reduction in time would you not agree? This was what Herbert Simon argued in his early 20th century papers on complexity and modularity. And one should not be surprised that we have found at many levels of life, that scale free networks and hierarchical networks govern. 