#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
2. Behe claims that normal evolutionary processes cannot, or are very unlikely, to produce irreducibly complex systems that make the cell "reek of design."  Behe, while he claims Lenski's work shows that evolution doesn't lead to new complexity and new systems, someone manages to avoid mentioning that that Lenski's E. coli bacteria were able to evolve a new biochemical pathway that could eat citrate, a chemical that E. coli in the wild cannot eat (Blount, Z.D., Borland, C.Z., and Lenski, R.E. 2008. Historical contingency and the evolution of a key innovation in an experimental population of Escherichia coli. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A 105:7899-7906.).  Behe was forced to write a laughable response (    http://www.amazon.com/gp/blog/post/PLNK3U696N278Z93O     ) that dodged the implications (evolution even in a limited lab population can produce a new beneficial system, i.e. an improvement that was not "degradative"), but, as per his modus operandi, he will dance and redefine his terms rather than admit that his argument against evolution has been falsified.Unfortunately for Behe, Lenski's work is not isolated.  The adaptation of bacteria to eat substrates that are indigestible to the wild-type bacteria -- or even compounds that are toxic -- is an extremely common phenomenon in labs that has been known for decades.  And it is known to occur in the wild.  There are several cases where bacteria in the wild have developed the ability to break down compounds that purely anthropogenic -- that is, chemicals that did not exist in the environment until humans manufactured them.  For this very reason, these chemicals are often good preservatives (for example, wooden telephone polls) and/or highly toxic.  They are often considered pollutants in the soil or water, so a fair bit of work has gone into discovering what happens to them.  Again and again, the pattern seems to be that after a few decades, some bacterium has assembled a novel pathway -- always by assembling and modifying pre-existing enzymes with other original functions.  Well-known examples include nylon, PCP (pentachlorophenol, a preservative of e.g. wood), and 2,4-DNT (dinitrotoluene, a breakdown product of the explosive TNT, or trinitrotoluene, which is often a soil pollutant on military bases).  In at least the cases of PCP and 2,4-DNT, the breakdown pathways have multiple required parts, and therefore ought to be considered irreducibly complex (except that Behe will often dodge here also and invoke a "strict" definition of IC which excludes metabolic pathways, a definition which he invokes only when convenient, and which is arbitrary because the IC argument really only relies on the "multiple required features, too improbable to evolve at once" logic; in other situations he and his allies have declared various metabolic pathways to be IC when it seems to help the argument).One more alternative might be to say that evolution hasn't produced anything "new" in these situations, only re-used old parts.  This too would be the ID advocates sawing off the limb they sitting on; for every "irreducibly complex" system the ID guys like to tout as evidence for ID -- the flagellum, the cilium, the immune system, the blood-clotting cascade, etc. -- is basically just a combination of parts known to have other functions in related organisms or systems.  The parts have statistically strong sequence similarity, and sequence similarity is explained by copying, and copying of sequence is the result of gene duplication, which (along with subsequent modification) is the main explanation that evolutionary biologists have invoked for the origin of new genes and "new information" for generations.  The ID advocates have almost completely ignored this simple, obvious, well-documented, testable, and well-tested explanation for biological "information" and "complexity" for nearly 20 years now.  This demonstrates scientific incompetence and carelessness, and lends support to the view (which is undeniable but outside the scope of this post; read the Kitzmiller decision for some of that) that ID is not about good science at all, but really just a branch of conservative religious apologetics.