#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--I take it your also a closet fan of Hugh Ross am I right? ;D--Not really, he tries hard but fails. At least he seems to be more interested in getting the science right IIRC.As to the religious foundations, they were exposed during the trail. See Barbara Forrest, as well as Buell and the various expert witnesses for the defense leading the Judge to rule appropriately about the FTE and the nature of the book.All you have to offer is that the book was misunderstood.As the plaintiffs point out in their response brief to the DI and the FTE--Similarly, the FTE declines to address facts that it is best situated to explain. Numerous documents in evidence reveal FTE to be a religious organization with religious objectives, not a scientific one pursuing scientific aims. P12; P28; P168A; P566; P633; 10:90-92, 96-101 (Forrest). The FTE ignores all this evidence in its amicus brief.In a pre-trial hearing in this case, FTE president Jon Buell attributed religious descriptions of his organization, in legally required public filings he had signed, to mistakes by lawyers and accountants. The Court can decide whether Mr. Buell and the FTE were filing false documents with the federal government and the State of Texas, or whether they were instead misrepresenting themselves to this Court, by disowning the religious agenda stated in those documents. The overwhelming evidence from Mr. Buell’s own writings regarding his and FTE’s Christian, creationist objectives gives the Court ample basis to make that judgment. P12; P28; P168A; P566; P633; 10:90-92,96-101 (Forrest). Either way, the FTE’s submission is entitled to no credence or respect from this Court.This is particularly true of the FTE’s rationalization for the substitution of the phrase “intelligent design” for “creation” in versions of Pandas prepared after Edwards. FTE makes the impossibly silly argument that by discarding the words “creation” and “creationism” found in early drafts, the FTE expressly rejected creationism. FTE Brief at 17. The only way the drafting history of Pandas could be interpreted as rejecting creationism is if the authors had discarded not just the word, but the explanation of what the word means — “various forms of life began abruptly through an intelligent agency with their distinctive features already intact — fish with fins and scales, birds with feathers, beaks, and wings, etc.” The retention of the central creationist concepts using a different term, “intelligent design,” dictates only one inference: intelligent design equals creationism.If this were not true, surely the FTE would have provided an explanation in its brief for why Pandas was written by two admittedly creationist authors, one of whom was an advocate for creation science in the federal courts, and for why Buell thought that the Edwards ruling on creation science would matter so much to the financial success of Pandas. P350; 10: 102-104, 126-128 (Forrest). But there is no discussion of these facts.--Or Minnich --Q. Sir, is it your understanding that creationism requires an abrupt appearance of life on earth?A. Creationism, you know, scientific creationism, yeah, ex nihilo appearance of life forms.Q. Is this ex nihilo appearance of life forms, is that a theological concept?A. Yes, yes. Out of nothing.Q. Does this statement in Pandas that I just reviewed with you, does this make intelligent design creationism?A. No, I don't think so. I mean, this is a literal interpretation of the fossil record where you see the sudden appearance of these forms, you know, fish with fins, etc. in a geologic record. From my interpretation this isn't ex nihilo, you know, creation from nothing.--ROTFLRuling--Demonstrative charts introduced through Dr. Forrest show parallel arguments relating to the rejection of naturalism, evolution’s threat to culture and society, “abrupt appearance” implying divine creation, the exploitation of the same alleged gaps in the fossil record, the alleged inability of science to explain complex biological information like DNA, as well as the theme that proponents of each version of creationism merely aim to teach a scientific alternative to evolution to show its “strengths and weaknesses,” and to alert students to a supposed “controversy” in the scientific community. (10:140-48 (Forrest)). In addition, creationists made the same argument that the complexity of the bacterial flagellum supported creationism as Professors Behe and Minnich now make for ID. (P-853; P-845; 37:155-56 (Minnich)).--And then of all people Fuller, expert witness for the defense!!!--Moreover and as previously stated, there is hardly better evidence of ID’s relationship with creationism than an explicit statement by defense expert Fuller that ID is a form of creationism. (Fuller Dep. at 67, June 21, 2005) (indicated that ID is a modern view of creationism).--