#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Luskins opines:"As I discussed in my rebuttals to the first two opening statements of the National Center for Science Education (NCSE), some of their common debate tactics include:"Of course.  This "debate" is not a scientific debate.  The scientific questions were settled many decades ago.  This "debate" is a "public relations" debate, and the same tactics (and much worse) are used by you and the Discovery Institute to try to bamboozle the rubes into believing that your side actually has some logic or evidence on your side.Luskin tries to confuse the issue:"ID does not require appeals to the supernatural."Maybe it only "allows" appeals to the supernatural?  Regardless, the rubes that send financial contributions to the Discovery Institute are 99% religious believers and they just assume that your so-called "intelligent designer" is their Christian God.Luskin continues:"ID merely seeks to infer "intelligent causes""Riiiiight.  And since all of your silly inferences have been shown to be illogical, it is clear that ID is anti-science nonsense.  Regardless, the rubes clearly understand that your "intelligent cause" is their Christian God.Luskin then quotes a really silly opinion:ÒIf science is based upon experience, then science tells us the message encoded in DNA must have originated from an intelligent cause."This is, of course, a completely unwarranted conclusion.  This is just an appeal to a selected authority, since I am sure that many scientists would reject this opinion.Then Luskin gets right down to admitting that "intelligent design" can never be science:"design theorists recognize that the nature, moral character and purposes of this intelligence lie beyond the competence of science and must be left to religion and philosophy"So, "intelligent design" postulates an "intelligent cause" than can never be a part of science.  If that's not supernatural, I have a few hats in my closet to munch on.Then Luskin admits that "intelligent design" could mean just about anything:"Possible candidates for the role of designer include: the God of Christianity; an angel--fallen or not; Plato's demi-urge; some mystical new age force; space aliens from Alpha Centauri; time travelers; or some utterly unknown intelligent being."This is truly hilarious.  What is the purpose of the "intelligent design" movement?  They wish to specify that the Theory of Evolution could be wrong or incomplete because one of these "designers" might really be responsible?  No wonder a Federal judge found that teaching this nonsense in a public high school was not permitted.Luskin continues on and on and on with this nonsense:"there is no known scientific method for identifying the intelligent source responsible for design in nature""for the scientific theory of ID to address the identity or metaphysical nature of the designer would be to inappropriately conflate science with religion."Since there is not and cannot ever be a "scientific theory of ID", it is no wonder that there is no attempt to identify the designer.  A real scientific theory that inferred a designer would have to actually find evidence of the existence and purpose of such a designer.  ID can't be bothered, since it is clear that such a search might in fact admit that such a designer could be supernatural.  Round and round we go, never actually getting anywhere.  Luskin can rewrite the same old stuff for 5000 words, but it never actually means anything.The flagellum used to be an example of an "irreducibly complex" biological structure that could not evolve.  Now Luskin is reduced to "may":"may indicate that the flagellum arose by intelligent design"May?  "Intelligent design" MAY have some evidence?  Or maybe not.  Such nonsense.Luskin says of Dembski:"This provides him with an ideal background provide giving a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design"Riiight.  Too bad he has utterly failed at any attempt to give "a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design" in the last decade or two.----- Luskin can post a big rebuttal, but I can't post a big comment -  to be continued