#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"I am not welcome at UcD, a site which takes pride in ignorance over arguments. If you are interested in 'continuing the debate' then present your arguments."The whole point was tor read my comment on that site and give criticisms here. "If you are interested in 'continuing the debate' then present your arguments."I guess maybe your blocked from even viewing the uncommon descent website, otherwise you wouldn't make such a request. Here is the comment I intended for you to read:"I would respond to that last comment PvM made and point out that he’s resorting to Socrates logic but I’ll let everyone on UD make up their own minds.Just to ellaborate on Socrates logic:Socrates was mortal, man is mortal, therefore all men are Socrates.Or in a simpler context: Dogs have tails, cats have tails, therefore all cats are dogs.Now the way PvM is using the logic is as follows:“Creationism describes the fossil record with an abrupt appearance of animals with certain features fully intact, Pandas describes the fossil record with an abrupt appearance of animals with certain features fully intact, therefore ID is creationism.”He insists that the religious content is there, I just need to “read between the lines” in order to find it.“No God you say. Well not in direct words perhaps but all in implication and intention it seems.”-from PvM on opposingviewsNow ain’t thatta b%#$&.(yes Barbara, pun intended :D)I don’t know if I should continue the debate with him or not; is it worth it or can readers notice the flaws in his logic from the start?"Now that I have made it available here, can you give me any criticisms to my argument that you are resorting to Socrates logic to make you case?"1. ID is scientifically vacuous"Right now we're discussing the question of whether or not ID is religious, until we settle that argument I will not move on to another topic, at least not yet."2. ID's foundation in religious motivations is well established"You keep saying that time and time again, and like most people, refer to the early drafts of Pandas to make your case. Take a quick look at this list:1. The sudden creation of the Universe from nothing.2. Everything created in six 24 hour days (or even metaphorical days).3. The age of the Earth being less then 10,000 years old.4. All the Earth’s geology can be explained by means of a global catastrophic flood.5. Using the bible or some other sacred text to draw inferences, and last but not least…6. Specifically having god or a supernatural creator in the role of the designer. Now go find a passage in those early drafts in which one or more of these premises are stated to be a major pillar of ID. Until then I can see no grounds in the idea that the early drafts of Pandas were religious. But if Pandas never was religious then would you care to cite another reason for why ID's religious nature is "well established?""Lacking 1, it is clear that ID fails the "secular motive which is not a sham" requirement, combined with 2, reduces it to be unconstitutional to be taught in public schools."Again, I'm not moving onto another argument against ID until you prove to me that it's religious. 