#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"It is obvious, isn't it? I hope not to be too snarky, but the Pope finally got around to admitting that Galileo was correct in teaching that the Earth revolved around the sun (get the gravity connection). With the Pope on board, whose going to argue against gravity now?"1. Can you explain what the Copernican principle (Earth around sun) has to do with gravity?2. You haven't answered my question, if Evolution (as Darwin and today's proponents describe it) is as solid a theory as gravity then why don't people who believe in gravity (that should be every sane individual) say that gravitational theory is as established as today's Neo-Darwinian synthesis? 3. If you admit that consensus has been wrong in the past are you open to the possibility that  such a scenario may be possible today?  "As simple as gravity appears, it holds deep fascination for today's scientists."Regarding this sentence and the paragraph that followed, let me say that I agree it's still a source of research, investigation, and we will never know everything as is any pillar of scientific enterprise, but I'm still wondering why Neo-Darwinian theory is compared in terms of factual confirmation to gravity but not vice versa. "How would a PhD in Theology be a failure in biology? Such a silly question. Of what use is it to know how many angels can dance on the head of a pin? Or how hard it would be for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle? There's not much work going on there. Better to know about proteins, enzymes, and how humans are related to bonobos (there is   evolution   in that)."Ivar, you've missed my point. Prior to the comment I'm replying to now, you said in the comment "Intelligent Design is a Fraud" the following:"Richards is a PhD? In what, I wonder. He would be an utter failure as a biologist."Perhaps I'm wrong, but the context I see in this line tells me you know Richards holds a doctorate degree, but you question what it may be because you insist he would be a failure in the biological sciences. My question in the comment that followed was what exactly in the following article it was that led you to conclude he would fail in the life sciences:  http://www.opposingviews.com/arguments/is-intelligent-design-science  Despite your insistence that he would fail as a biologist in your comment on ID being a "fraud," I see little in the article Richards submitted that precludes solely and directly to biology. Care to explain?"Science is not a debate society where persuasion and apologetics matter. Truth always wins."I agree with the latter of that description of the scientific process, but if you're saying that debate is excluded from it's methodology then I would have to disagree. Dissent and debate are what allow science to progress in the first place, if everyone approached a field of research with the same perspective then we wouldn't be anywhere near as far as we are today. Darwin's theory would've never even gained acceptance for all that matters; people would've used the fact that it was a "fringe" view and dismissed on those grounds alone. "Religion simply is not concerned with the truth of anything."What does religion have to do with this discussion? Or to the points I originally brought up here:  http://www.opposingviews.com/comments/that-comment-was-a-fraud  For most part, I'm not sure what to say about religion or your description of it's reasoning, but if religion is to be defined solely as anything that goes against the truth, then could one argue that views in science that are later falsified (but still held by many) are essentially religion by definition?"Gays should not marry because it says so in the Bible."I'm still not sure what relevance this has to discussion over ID, but now that you brought it up I would like to say that I don't agree with such a conclusion no matter how many fundamentalists hold it to be truth. "Right. And we should have multiple wives (simultaneously, and not serially, as now practiced), and they would be men's property. That's the Bible for you, pretty messed up, don't you think?"Still don't see the relevance, but I'm assuming you're referring to a recent Newsweek article in which someone insisted the Bible holds nothing against gay marriage? I was led to my (political) views as a consequentialist, but today I have nothing against gay marriage for both utilitarian and natural rights reasons. Despite my agreement with the Newsweek article's premise, I did not agree with the reasoning behind it. I'm not sure what to say about the historical accuracy of the Bible, and I'm even less certain as to whether or not it is genuinely the word of any all-knowing supernatural being, but it definitely does not condone polygamy in any form I'm aware of:  http://www.bibletruths.net/Archives/BTAR324.htm        