#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Evolution
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
Evolution has never been witnessed...All observations are retroactive. We have observed evolution in the lab and in nature. That s, we have seen novel structures and abilities rise in diversified populations in various settings, whether it by nylonase in flavobacterium or cecil valves in Italian lizards, polyploidy in flowering plants, infertile and fertile hybridization in mammals, speciation of Drosphilia and Promonella among many, many other observed instances of speciationScience is constantly trying to prove the theory of evolution with suggesting that life itself was generated in a pool of amino acids and proteins by complete chance.You're mixing up theories. And there are no proofs in science. Proofs exist only in mathematics and liquor.The last point is the fossil record is incomplete.First, your understanding of the field, which you are discussing is woefully lacking. Two, there are thousands upon thousands of fossils categorically identifying diversification over time of various phylogenetic lineages. Third, there is no such thing as a missing link. That's just a media term. Every new generation of a population consists of physiological and genetic differences from the parent lineage, thereby becoming intermediate exemplars.We do share similar bone structures with other animals but there is no defined developmental line.An organic, DNA/RNA replicating, protein based, metabolic and metazoic, diploid, bilaterally symmetric, gilless, internally heated, coelomate, with a spinal chord, reduced olfactory system, lacteal mammaries, a jawed skull, specialized teeth, with canines and molars, forward oriented and fully enclosed optical systems in a singal temporal fenestra in an amniote skull that is attached to a vertebrate, that are hind-leg dominant, with sacral pelvis, clavicle, with wrist and ankle bones, lungs, tear-ducts, body hair, opposable thumbs, plantigrade extremities with an embryonic development, including amniotic fluid and placental birth leading ultimately to a highly social lifestyle based on a shared complexity in the frontal lobe, enhanced limbic system all connected to a reptilian brain, shared bi-hemispheres that help process language and spatial cognition... etc. etc. That's just the apes. Of course we have a bloody idea of a defined developmental line. Don't confuse yourself.Well, its just as faith based as evolution is.No. No. No. No. No. Evolution is not faith based. It is observed. And it is verified by biology, virology, paleontology, embryology, genetics, population genetics, genomics, bioinformatics, phylogenetics. it is evidenced by ring species, gene frequency change, observations and descriptions of populations in controlled settings and in nature. Endogenous retroviruses, body plans, homologous structures, basal features... and the list goes on and on.I for one believe that elements from both evolution and creation, working in tandem, is more likely that one or the other. But if I had to pick one I would say creation.Of course you. But you also have no idea what you're talking about. At all, it seems. And that explains fully why you'd go with the fantasy instead of learning about the things that make the world you live in tick. And if you just knew--simply knew--what you are talking about, you wouldn't have to go to some ridiculous, undefined, designer using undefined terms like "information" and talk about chemistry as if it's a computer program. Do what you said: research (IT IS SO ABUNDANTLY CLEAR THAT YOU HAVE NOT DONE ANY).