#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"ID simply predicted that the appendix would have a function. The degree of specificity in our predictions concerning what an intelligence will or will not do is limited due to intelligent agents having freedom in their creation. For example, we can predict that Tom Cruise’s next movie will be an action flick, but we cannot predict the plot of the movie before he agrees to a part."If it cannot make predictions then it is not a viable theory.  Remember that the current research into the use of the appendix was done using evolutionary models, not design models."t is true that   evolution   (   change   over time) has been observed to act quickly, but the theory of evolution has from day one predicted that this change has always occurred step-by-step."When evidence was produced to the contrary, that evolution can occur suddenly, the theory was adjusted to reflect that information.  In the Modern Synthesis theory it is recognized that significant changes can occur within the span of a few generations."The first time this prediction was made using the theory of evolution was in the Origin of Species."The Origin of the Species is a historical document... there was much that Darwin did not know at that time that we now know, and his original theory has since been supplanted by more modern versions of his theory."However, the Cambrian Explosion demonstrated this prediction to be false even before random natural processes wrote the Origin of Species."I'm not quite sure I follow you... Charles Darwin would not have been aware of the Cambrian explosion, so there is no way he could have included it.As to the 'Cambrian Explosion'... it took place over the span of ~10 million years, hardly a sudden change.  "Specified complexity describes any sort of pattern. Some patterns are specific but not complex (eg., gtgtgtgtg). Some patterns are complex but not specific (eg., ctaagtcg). Some patterns are both specific and complex (eg., gattaca)."That is still not very descriptive... can you demonstrate that the sequence gtgtgtg is less likely to occur via random chance then ctaagtcg?  Assuming a purely random system (each bit selected randomly) they would have an identical chance of occurring."Exactly. Ken Miller has claimed to have tested a supposedly untestable claim, a claim that is supposedly religious and has nothing to do with   science   ."It was put forth that the flagellum was irreducibly complex, this was shown to be false (a simple change led to a structure that was different but still functional)."The Lenski study did not show e. coli changing into a different species of bacteria via undirected processes. The bacteria began as e. coli and ended as e. coli. "Yet it demonstrated a radical change over the comparatively short span of twenty years.  "Even if e. coli did change into a different species, the study would not justify inferring that all life changes into new species via non-intelligent processes."One study would not be enough... but when combined with the body of evidence for Evolution it is a very powerful demonstration of the change."Concerning the paper published in Science, the author claimed that ID is untestable immediately after claiming that it had been tested and refuted. This contradiction was ignored by the reviewers and editors of the journal."The experiment was not testing ID, it was testing Evolution... can you describe an experiment similar to the Lenski experiment that could be used to test ID?"I could remind you of many examples of homo sapiens intelligently altering organisms, but I cannot show you a non-homo sapien live and in-person designing anything."Why not?  What experiment could be performed to show the action of a designer?"Intelligent Design is inferred from the evidence, much like the intelligent design of pyramids is inferred from the evidence even though no one can actually show me Egyptians building them thousands of years ago."There is a massive amount of evidence showing that the Egyptians built the pyramids.  There is their own records, the carvings on the structure itself, known mechanisms by which the pyramid could be built... is there a similar body of evidence for id?"Unobserved entities are allowed in science, such as dark matter/   energy   ."Dark matter is observed through its interaction with matter.  Dark energy is still rather theoretical in nature, though the universe is expanding at an increasing rate there is no described mechanism for its action.