#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Let’s talk about Crick’s statement “Biologist must constantly keep in mind that what they see was not designed, but rather evolved.”  This is very important.  Crick may have a positive hypotheses  – but it is only a hypotheses.  He makes this statement as if it has been proven.  Yet many, including young students, accept this as fact as it sounds authoritive.   Big mistake.  ID reminds us not to make those assumptions.  Those assumptions are very important.  Those assumptions allow Dawkins to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist.  The bottom line is some interpretations of evolution leave little room for a caring God.This is the view that life is the result of  random, purposeless arrangements of molecules shaped by natural selection.  Where does God come in?  Little or no room for God in this interpretation.  Hence if you believe that you can be an atheist.  If it is true you are almost certainly right in your belief.  But, what if that is not true?  And how do we go about determining if it’s true or not?  That’s where ID comes in.  It tells us from the facts as we understand them today, the most reasonable interpretation of these facts is that this molecular machine was intelligently designed.  You say ID cannot say more than that –if that is true– that still is huge.  It’s huge because your belief/unbelief in God is a primary world view, and will effect all your perceptions.  That’s what happened here.Example, Crick is an atheist.  He sees molecular machines that look designed.  He says God could not have done this because there is no God.  Therefor, these machines are not designed.   That is not good science.  He rules out design based on his world view, not on science.  He is encouraged to support his hypotheses through good science.  Not through bad theology.  As you say, ID is limited in what it can do, but what it does is of enormous importance.  It is very important to many around the world whether there is a God or not.  Darwinism is often used as scientific proof of no God.  Dawkins is only one of many scientist who do this.  They get upset when their world view is challenged.  I don’t believe science will ever be able to prove or disprove the existence of a personal, caring God.  But that’s the point.  Right now many are using evolution as if it already has proven that God has nothing to do with our existence.  That has not been proven and ID reminds of us of that.  Jim