#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
The DI is correct to point out that a lack of merit of ID should not be confused with its religious implications, however the combinations of its religious foundations with a lack of scientific content, provides a strong argument against ID having merit scientifically and delegates it to the realm of theology. As Schloss points out in his review of the movie "Expelled", in response of the following statement by Hugh Ross, who is leads a prominent Christian apologetics organization called "Reasons to Believe"--Ross:they affirm that the approach of seeking the right to be heard avoids denigrating the scientific enterprise, either its individuals or institutions…we have encountered no significant evidence of censorship, blackballing, or disrespect. [and] have witnessed an increasing openness on the part of unbelieving scientists to offer their honest and respectful critique. Our main concern about Expelled is that it paints a distorted picture. It certainly doesn't match our experience. Sadly, it may do more to alienate than to engage the scientific community, and that can only harm our mission.--Schloss comments that:--While both are important, earning the “right to be heard,” as Ross emphasizes, is surely not the same as demanding the “right to speak,” as Expelled focuses on. Expelled never ends up convincingly demonstrating that the latter is in any real jeopardy, but sadly, it does much to jeopardize the former.--Source: Jeffrey P. Schloss, "Overcoming or Raising Walls of Division?" Center for Faith, Ethics, and Life Sciences Westmont CollegeA right to speak does not mean a right to be earned, the latter one needs to be earned and in order for ID to have any merit to be discussed in science classrooms, it first needs to show a compelling reason as to why. So far ID has failed miserably in presenting a scientific argument. From a theological perspective, the concept of ID seems rather dangerous as it pretends to open up religious faith to scientific scrutiny and thus disproof.