#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
I didn't realize how crazy some people were.  I don't even know where to start on this one.  We'll start with your fallacious claim that there is only one reliable and true book.  You do realize that every book of the Bible, Old and New Testament, were written by people, right, not spoken word for word by the Angel Gabriel to Mohammad?  You also realize that it was the early Catholic Church that decided which books would be included in the Bible and which would not, right?  And even if the Bible were the only god-inspired book out there, that still doesn't make any human ponderings on it automatically false.  Otherwise this whole conversation would be false.  Just because a couple of preachers out there who can't validate themselves without attacking an older, more established, and larger organizations who you claim are "soud" and "competent" have two or three passages that could be interpreted as being negative about the Church if you squint your eyes and cock your head to the side a little bit doesn't "prove" anything, much less that Catholocism is a false religion.  The Bible itself says that the devil can quote scriptures for his own purposes.  Furthermore, the Pope doesn't and never has claimed to be a god on Earth, but rather to be a representative of Yahweh on Earth.  Furthermore, the Pope doesn't claim to be able to forgive sins, but rather cites Matthew 16:19, which reads "Truly I say to you, whatever you bind on earth shall have been bound in heaven; and whatever you loose on earth shall have been loosed in heaven," to justify interceding as the successors of Peter and the Apostles on behalf of the one Confessing that Yahweh will forgive the sins.  And where does it say to call no one on Earth "Father?"  Finally, who are you to tell people how they can interpret the Bible?  It didn't come with instructions!  If I think it has no religious value at all, but has a few nifty stories that I think are entertaining and have a good message, then that's my business, not yours!  If someone thinks that it shouldn't always be taken literally, and that it often uses metaphor, that's their business!  I'm sure your hand has cause you to sin before, but I bet you still have both of your hands.  There is no doubt in my mind that you have beheld another human and lusted, but I bet you did not pluck out your eye.  Surely the passage that prescribes such treatment of your body is metaphorical and hyperbolic, so why can't others be the same?PS.  Please don't go and cut off your hands and pluck out your eyes.  It would make it very difficult for you to type, and you amuse me way to much for that.