#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--You still have yet to provide any passages within Panda's which state that God is directly implicated; saying that the FTE is religious, therefore so is Pandas. If you can find passages in which god or the supernatural is directly implicated, I would change my mind. What you're presenting is a fallacy of division, assuming that what is true of the whole is thus true of the parts. The content of Pandas does not change if a religious organization is what published it.--Why should God be directly implicated when it looks like a duck, smells like a duck, walks like a duck... Of course, God has been removed slowly, in a gradual manner and similarly creationism has become design, without much of any changes to the underlying arguments and foundations.The content of Pandas, published by a religious organization helps connecting the dots, via the Edwards ruling which caused a global search and replace of religious terminology. The motivations, the arguments are all standard creationist material. Hard for a court to ignore. While God has been mostly removed from these books, how else to introduce them into public schools, the attempt to provide them with a scientific foundation has failed in Edwards and now in Dover v Kitzmiller. All because there exists a well established trail of evidence linking them all together. Combine this with a lack of scientific content of ID and the flawed scientific claims of its predecessor 'creationism' and one comes to understand why courts have ruled in such a devastating manner to these attempts to get religion restored in classes.The content of panda is explained by its religious foudations. Of course you can move the goalposts and argue that 'God' was not mentioned in these books, we can all read between the lines. Heck, as a Christian and quite well versed in the creationist arguments I myself see these prints of 'designer wink wink' all over the book. Calling Him a designer rather than by His true name, should be an insult to any Christian but I guess, when everyone understands that this is just an alias, it somehow seems ok?