#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--Jim---1. You never responded to my comment: When Crick said molecular machines appear designed but are not, he was never castigated for being "unscientific." If some one responds and says those molecular machines are designed, they are harshly criticized for being "unscientific." Why?---Likely because when Crick said it, he had positive hypotheses about how such molecular machines had arisen. And indeed, looking at the genetic evidence it shows, as expected a nested hierarchy. When people say that it looks 'designed' and is 'designed' none of these people presents anything more that just that statement. And for good reasons because ID really cannot say more than that as it is based on an eliminative/negative argument.PS: I am not sure what Crick said when or where. I have tracked down one of Crick's statements to ID proponents' writings---"Biologists must constantly keep in mind that what they see was not designed, but rather evolved." --Source: William A. Dembski "Detecting Design in the Natural Sciences"The source of the original Crick claim appears to be ""What Mad Pursuit: A Personal View of Scientific Discovery," [1988], Penguin Books: London, 1990, reprint, p.138" and I will have to double check the context.--Jim---2. You write ID is merely a negative argument. I don't know about that (Luskin's article) but is it not normal in scientific discourse to point out the weakness of a theory and then argue against it on the failure to explain away the weakness?---this is what I call bait and switch or moving the goalposts. When pointing out that ID is vacuous, you state, but well, it keeps science honest. If that were the full extent of ID, then there seems to be no need to get ID pushed into are school curricula, nor would it really add anything to science as this is, as you point out what science already does. Things get worse however, when said 'arguments' against evolutionary theory are based on fallacious, misleading or outright false claims. So even in this aspect I have found ID to be lacking scientific relevance. The real issue of course is that ID proposes nothing beyond 'well science cannot explain 'x' yet'. So what... Why the attempt to call this 'design' and then use bait and switch to conflate the narrow definition of 'design' with how people commonly understand 'design'. That's too Rovian for me... If the full extent of ID is that it remains 'critical of science' then you would have to agree with me that this renders ID scientifically without content, as it fails to contribute any knowledge to science, other than point out that science does not yet explain 'x'. Look at the bacterial flagella for instance, what has science done to increase our understanding of the flagella versus what has ID done? I can tell you that science has increased our understanding significantly and has proposed, tentative hypotheses. What has ID done? Deny the relevance of the work of these scientists.to be continued