#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--Jay--That means that anyone who dares speak of purpose or design within science or when discussing scientific evidence ceases to be a scientist.---And yet ID also claims that historical sciences deal succesfully in detecting design, so in fact purpose or design can, as ID argues, be established using methodological naturalism. So why is ID different? Because they want to replace or extend MN by something 'supernatural', however since the supernatural lacks as an explanation, they have to confuse the issue by making flawed claims about science rejecting design and purpose at all cost.Jay's argument fails even worse when discussing Newton or Keppler stating--Methodological naturalism, for instance, would exclude most of the founders of modern science, including Copernicus, Kepler, and Newton. That should strike you as fishy.--And yet, these people were following methodological naturalism, except in the case when Newton believed that his inability to understand the stability of orbits of planets was best explained by an Intelligent Designer interfering regularly to correct their orbits. It took half a decade or so for LaPlace to correct this flawed 'design inference'.Openmindedness does not mean that one should accept any argument that's more closer to a concept better know as gullibility. Is there evidence for ID in nature. Surely ID does not really tell, all they do is call our ignorance 'design' and then conflate the terminology with how people more commonly interpret this terminology. Bait and switch. Lacking any foundation that constrains their hypothesis, ID is doomed to scientific irrelevance, and anyone openminded would have to admit this. In fact, several ID proponents have admitted to the lack of a foundation for ID.So it is clear that Jay is wrong to argue that science rejects design a-priori, After all, the Discovery Institute argues that ID must be science because other sciences also infer design. So, for science to reject ID, it must be because it fails to contribute. Not because it is wrong, it is not even that, it's just vacuous.Is intelligent design science? Does it matter? ID lacks any non trivial scientific contribution, other than perhaps making the flawed claim that science and methodological naturalism somehow deny purpose and design or that MN would reject Newton and Keppler. Anyone familiar with these people would realize that they did not let their faith distort their science, although in the case of Newton he did show why a design inference based on ignorance is unreliable.We can only thank Newton for his contributions to science while also showing us why ID is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous.