#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
With belief.. facing reality doesn't require 'courage'... but facing a world with no purpose behind it.. with no reason except cause and effect, electrons and neutrons, yes - that world requires courage for sure.  Keep in mind that I did not find God out of some need to have an explanation..though I admit even as an atheist the concept sounded 'nice'. Nor was it a need to have this innate courage that comes from a world with reason, it was instead just a bonus.  It's a typical atheistic viewpoint that because the believer lacked the courage to live in a world without some form of security blanket.. that they invent God..on the contrary I came to the conclusion from looking at the evidence and from personal experiences.  The realization was unavoidable.  I was a happy person as an atheist.. -- though I can't describe the happiness that comes from knowing this isn't just a cosmic accident.As far as you question of 'what are the odds your God would be the way he is?'... I truly don't get the question... I'd say 1:1... but that would mean I knew what that meant in the first place?  It's awfully esoteric...  Do you mean what are the odds.. that if there were a God that he would want to have a creation? I'd figure 1:1... though it's rather hard for an imperfect being to imagine the wants of God - but it would seem any God by necessity would 'do' something.... not simply be content as an all encompassing complete and perfect whole... it would most likely 'create' in some form.. and what are the chances that this creation would likely be a reflection of himself in some form.. I'd say 1:1... when you create your creation reflects your character... does it not?  Now the next step becomes more conjectural... if you were to create this 'creation' would it be proper to force upon it absolute obedience?  I'd say that wouldn't be right.. I'd say you'd have to give it a right to dissent... matter of fact I'd give it a 1:1 chance that the only path would be free will.. and thus an imperfect creation - since you cannot have the option to do wrong without it.. so free will is another 1:1 chance.. Now we have a creation.. and it's flawed and yet shows similarities to it's creator.. we need to give this creation some purpose.. some form of reason to exist of sorts.. well I figure the obvious choice would be that the very purpose the creator would devise is a great mystery of 'where did I come from?'  .. in other words.. a beautiful mystery would be 'am I an accident.. or did I come from a creator?'... now THAT would be an ingenious idea... it would be like a game of hide and seek with my creation... It would be the ultimate question and the ultimate purpose... yes, I would give a 1:1 chance that this would be the perfect concept for my creation's 'fulfilling purpose'..  Now another problem... considering I am a perfect creator.. but have made an imperfect being... doomed to mistakes - and suffering.. and now he has a reason for life.. the search for the truth of me.. the creator.. I need to instill a reason for this search...a reward of sorts - since simply knowing I exist is not going to really provide meaning or even reason to search... I have it! the ultimate reward.. to return to me.. their perfect creator - ahhh... but there's a problem.. any reward means a punishment.. and that doesn't sound very benevolent of a perfect creator....hmm.. well then I will come to earth and live as them - in earthly form - yes! perfect idea... and even allow myself to die at their hands to show that I have suffered as they have! .. and I will make the rule that due to my own sacrifice... all that is necessary to return to me - the perfect creator is simply a heartfelt belief.. and an apology!! ingenious .. and perfectly simple!... in conclusion... I'd say if there were a God... which there is... there's a 1:1 chance he would be precisely as we perceive him.