#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
In answering your questions, I will try to keep on point.1.  You never responded to my comment:  When Crick said molecular machines appear designed but are not, he was never castigated for being "unscientific." If some one responds and says those molecular machines are designed, they are harshly criticized for being "unscientific." Why?2.  You write ID is merely a negative argument.  I don't know about that (Luskin's article) but is it not normal in scientific discourse to point out the weakness of a theory and then argue against it on the failure to explain away the weakness?3.  Design fails to place ‘design’ at risk.  This is partially true.  If and when the arguments are answered, such as how DNA evolved, the flagellum, etc., then the ID argument becomes weaker and weaker, as it should.  The reverse should also be true.  Until that time many of it’s arguments seem to be the most reasonable inference based on the evidence as we understand it today. 4.  How can ID be tested?  Don’t know how we can test Cricks statement that molecular machines appear to be designed but are not.  Or that evolution is a process involving randomness and natural selection.  Has that been tested?  Still a good question and I believe Luskin has addressed that.  It was obviously not to your satisfaction but it looked okay to me.  What do you disagree with in that part of Luskin’s article?5.  You say it’s a fact that regularity and chance processes can increase information and complexity.  This may be true, but not to the order of magnitude required for a single protein, not to mention the information involved in DNA.  I’ve heard about the computer programs, pros and cons.6.  Not sure what you mean by bait and switch.7.  You last statement, I am assuming you know how ID has defined the concepts of 'design' and 'information' and that they are at odds with how science typically defines such terms or how the layperson may interpret such terms?   I am just not sure what you mean.  I’ve read about the specified complexity argument.  Not sure what you mean by at odds with design.Finally, I just want to say that it appears to me that statements made against ID and their proponents -- made by others, not you -- regarding ID has been so emotionally charged it makes me feel their judgment is affected.  It seems that it’s a very powerful argument to say if something appears designed, it may be because it is designed.  Some make the statement it may appear designed but it is not.  If that is so, where’s the proof?  