#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
Genesis is very clear that the evening and the morning were the first day. Genesis is very clear, God made the vegetation on the third day and He did not make the sun, moon, and stars until the fourth day.  Well, you can have the vegetation survive twenty-four hours without the sun, but you cannot have it survive a thousand years or sixty million years without the sun.  And so the ones that try to   stretch   the   creation   into a long period of time—they just have to throw the Bible out because the Bible is very clear.  New Testament, Old Testament, Jesus Himself said it was six days that God made the world.  Also, if you think six days are six years or six million years, then do you worship the Sabbath day (Fourth Commandment) for millions of years as in Sabbath centuries?  Ridiculous.  This very argument will either support the entire Bible, Ten Commandments, and all that, or go against everything that the Bible says.You know, the reason that so many people are trying to fit evolution into the Bible someway is that they’re just sure that all these scientists are saying this, that we must respect this, that we must respect this, and it’s true.  Friends, listen, the foundation for evolution, for evolutionary philosophy, is their dating system.  If you prove that they’re building on the sand, there’s nothing left. Their dating system is terribly flawed and all you have to do is look at their own reports regarding the dating system, get your encyclopedias out, look up   carbon   14 radioisotope dating; it will say right there that it is unreliable.  And it is based upon the premise, because no one was around six thousand, seven thousand years ago to record these things—written history goes back 4000 years, 5000 years.  And so they’re doing it all in the premise that the environmental deterioration has been consistent, and my Bible says the   environment   went through a radical catastrophic change 5000 years ago during the flood. And the fossil record tells us that there’s been a tremendous change.  The fossil record is very clear that these   animals   all died suddenly and were covered with deposits of mud instantly.  They used to say that the dinosaurs died off slowly because of climate changes, but they’ve had to come back and say “Well, it must have been an asteroid that hit the earth because it was a cataclysmic flood and an asteroid hit the ocean.” Well, friends, my Bible has said that for thousands of years.  It was a flood, but it wasn’t an asteroid that did it.  There's a free book from the AmazingFacts.org  1-800-835-6747.  Ask for “How Evolution Flunked the Science Test”. Six Literal Days.