#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Behe claims that "That is not the sort of process one needs to build complex molecular systems." when discussing the experiment by Richard Lenski. What Behe forgets to mention are the actual findings of the research such as"Over the generations, in fits and starts, the bacteria did indeed evolve into faster breeders. The bacteria in the flasks today breed 75% faster on average than their original ancestor."and they also showed some interesting findings that show how beneficial/detrimental depends on the environment"Lenski and his colleagues have also shown how natural selection has demanded trade-offs from the bacteria; while they grow faster on a meager diet of glucose, they've gotten worse at feeding on some other kinds of sugars."and a remarkable mutation which caused the bacteria to feast on the citrate"But in one remarkable case, however, they discovered that a flask had turned cloudy without any contamination. It was E. coli chowing down on the citrate. The researchers found that when they put the bacteria in pure citrate, the microbes could thrive on it as their sole source of carbon."and countering behe's claims, the evidence actually suggested that this was a change in multiple sites, something Behe has argued cannot happen"This rise and fall and rise suggests that the evolution of citrate-eating was not a one-mutation affair. The first mutation (or mutations) allowed the bacteria to eat citrate, but they were outcompeted by some glucose-eating mutants that still had the upper hand. Only after they mutated further did their citrate-eating become a recipe for success."In an earlier article in the NY Times, it was reported that these bacteria were not the same ones "In that time, the bacteria have changed significantly. For one thing, they are bigger Ñ twice as big on average as their common ancestor. They are also far better at reproducing in these flasks, dividing 70 percent faster than their ancestor. These changes have emerged through spontaneous mutations and natural selection, and Dr. Lenski and his colleagues have been able to watch them unfold."Of course, none of these bacteria evolved into mammals, something hardly expected given the limited timescales involved, however contrary to Behe's claims, these bacteria started to feed on citrate even though such a feat required multiple changes.It seems clear that even these trivial examples of hard scientific work show not only that ID remains scientifically vacuous but also that ID has to reject and ignore contradicting evidence that shows it to be wrong. What's even worse about ID being scientifically vacuous? In my opinion, ID being wrong and knowing it.Read more about the experiment first hand at:     http://myxo.css.msu.edu/index.html    