#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"It has been translated for about six thousand years. I do not know how their system worked but the dead sea scrolls were identical to the written word."The Dead Sea scrolls are little more then two thousand years old, but then how does that age 'prove' the Bible is true, or that it is six thousand years old?  And which version of the Bible are we talking about?  The KJV? The Latin text?  The Greek text?  What about the books that are not found in current translations (Book of Enoch, Gospel of Thomas, or any of the other Apocrypha texts)."What other records are there that are six thousand years old besides the Bible. No one has ever been able to prove the Bible wrong. Many have tried and many have found a relationship with God the Creator because of it"What evidence is there that places the age of the Bible at six thousand years (Hebrew did not appear until around 1000 BC, the oldest 'complete' texts being the aforementioned Dead Sea scrolls at 200 BC, and the oldest surviving fragment originating from ~600 BC).   Coincidentally, negative proof is a rather tricky thing.  Saying that something is true because there is no proof that it is false is a logical fallacy... If I say that since there is no proof that unicorns did not exist then they existed, would you say that that is a reasonable argument? "I don't know everything, but what I do know is by life experience, Why would a God as great as he is take 4.5 billion years to create the earth when there is nothing to difficult for Him. Time means nothing to God. Some things are a mystery for sure, but that is why it takes faith to please God."If time means nothing to God then why would it matter to God if it took 4.5 billion years to create the earth?  "Why would God take 4.5 billion years..." is also not a scientific argument, its not really any sort of argument.  The evidence, as presented (astronomical, geological, archeological) all points back past 6k years, what is the evidence that contradicts this?