#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"A non living entity?" Possibly, though it depends on you definition. And what relevance does this have to the validity of ID?"Because life is to complex to come about without a designer then by definition that designer cannot be alive."By what definition?"How does this designer guide 'ends to means' and how does it pre-plan events before they come into existence?"How is this relevant to ID?"But if there is a designer then that designer has to be using some method to create these changes?"Sure, but this is not the focus of ID. Intelligent Design focuses on features of the natural world which are best explain as being the product of such a process, not on the source of the design or it's methods."For a theory that explicitly states that there is a designer ID is remarkably quiet on the nature and methods of that designer."Pretty sure   science   cannot answer this question, and that this is independent to the question of whether a feature is designed or not. "The difference is that a book is demonstratively an artificial construct. I can got a printer and watch one being made, I can go to an author and ask why he wrote the book."Prove it. How do you know that book came about by the same process?"Can I do the same thing with a bird or a lizard?"We don't need to. See the above point."So something can, through a process of random mutation, accumulate 499 bits of information... but not more?"I'm not talking about 500 bits of errors or mistakes in general (such as sand dunes). In no way do the attempts by people such as T. D. Schneider of letting 500 bits worth of just any kind of changes have any relevance to what Dembski refers to. Given all probabilistic resources (both replicational and specificational), you will not expect life on it's own without some kind of intervention to be able to produce an increase of 500 bits of new, useful, complexity that was not already there. At best all you'll see are steps back if a living systems genome changes, or merely duplications of what was already there.     