#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--The bottom line is some interpretations of evolution leave little room for a caring God.--Which I argue is the main reason people have come to embrace ID and object to science. And yet, when God was removed as a necessity from the stability of planetary orbits, noone objected.So Crick says that we must not confuse what we see with 'design' and proposes a valid, testable scientific hypothesis. ID says that we should not confuse what we see with absence of 'design' and produces no competing hypotheses.--JimI don’t believe science will ever be able to prove or disprove the existence of a personal, caring God. But that’s the point. Right now many are using evolution as if it already has proven that God has nothing to do with our existence. That has not been proven and ID reminds of us of that. Jim--Science will never be able to do so and if you allow others to define this as if it has happened then you are granting these atheists a lot of power. If ID is just about reminding us of this then surely it has far less of a relevance as a scientific contributor than most imagine it does.--JimThis is the view that life is the result of random, purposeless arrangements of molecules shaped by natural selection. Where does God come in? Little or no room for God in this interpretation. Hence if you believe that you can be an atheist. If it is true you are almost certainly right in your belief.--Well, atheists have the advantage that they can incorporate science easily as it does not interfere with their philosophical position, but that does not mean that Christians cannot reconcile the fact of evolution, the mechanisms of evolution with the concept of a caring God. In other words, accepting evolution does not force you either way, although I agree that given the position of some Christians, science is in fact at odds with faith. That's too bad, but rather than throw up our arms and proclaim, science must be wrong because I cannot imagine how there is room for a loving God now that He is not a necessity anymore, shows, in my personal opinion, a severe lack of faith.