#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Island referenced a 2004 article, however science does proceed and indeed--Abstract: We apply the recently defined multipole vector framework to the frequency-specific first-year WMAP sky maps, estimating the low-l multipole coefficients from the high-latitude sky by means of a power equalization filter. While most previous analyses of this type have considered only heavily processed (and foreground-contaminated) full-sky maps, the present approach allows for greater control of residual foregrounds, and therefore potentially also for cosmologically important conclusions. The low-l spherical harmonics coefficients and corresponding multipole vectors are tabulated for easy reference.Using this formalism, we re-assess a set of earlier claims of both cosmological and non-cosmological low-l correlations based on multipole vectors. First, we show that the apparent l=3 and 8 correlation claimed by Copi et al. (2004) is present only in the heavily processed map produced by Tegmark et al. (2003), and must therefore be considered an artifact of that map. Second, the well-known quadrupole-octopole correlation is confirmed at the 99% significance level, and shown to be robust with respect to frequency and sky cut. Previous claims are thus supported by our analysis. Finally, the low-l alignment with respect to the ecliptic claimed by Schwarz et al. (2004) is nominally confirmed in this analysis, but also shown to be very dependent on severe a-posteriori choices. Indeed, we show that given the peculiar quadrupole-octopole arrangement, finding such a strong alignment with the ecliptic is not unusual. --Authors: P. Bielewicz, H. K. Eriksen, A. J. Banday, K. M. Gorski, P. B. LiljeTitle: Multipole vector anomalies in the first-year WMAP data: a cut-sky analysisAstrophys.J. 635 (2005) 750-760Conclusions:--In this paper, we have revisited a set of claims found in the literature regarding the low-? CMB pattern and multipole vectors. We have remedied the most serious outstanding problem connected to these analyses, in that we have used only partial sky data to estimate the multipole vectors. This allowed us to study the frequency-speciﬁc WMAP sky maps individually, while imposing different sky cuts to study regional dependence. Using these methods, the multipole vector approach may ﬁnally be used for cosmological analysis. Three claims were studied in depth. First, Copi et al. (2004) found a set of strong correlations among the ? = 2, . . . , 8 multipoles using the multipole vector formalism. Unfortunately, they only had access to two full-sky maps (the WILC and TOH sky maps), which are known to be contaminated by galactic foregrounds. While we reproduced their results for these two maps, we also found that the anomaly is not present in the best available frequency-speciﬁc CMB maps. Therefore, as far as the low-? correlations are statistically signiﬁcant, they must be considered an artifact of the TOH and WILC sky maps, and not of the WMAP data as a whole. Second, we revisited the much more established anomaly ﬁrst reported by de Oliveira-Costa et al. (2004); the strong alignment between the quadrupole and octopole moments. Our results conﬁrm previous conclusions: The effect is signiﬁcant at the 98-99% conﬁdence level, and independent of frequency and sky cut. It appears to be quite robust. Finally, we also considered the claims made by Schwarz et al. (2004), that the low-? CMB ﬁeld could be of solar system origin. This claim was based on the observation that the ? = 2 and 3 multipole cross-product vectors align with the ecliptic north-south axis, and, indeed, that they point towards the vernal equinox. While the nominal signiﬁcance of these results are conﬁrmed in this paper, we also found that it is not at all unusual to observe such a strong alignment with one of the three major axes (ecliptic, galactic or super-galactic), given the peculiar internal arrangements of the quadrupole and octopole. Thus, it is not the ecliptic correlation per se that is anomalous, but rather the quadrupole-octopole alignment. Whether this latter feature is caused by cosmological or non-cosmological physics is not yet clear, but solar-system physics does not appear to provide the most plausible explanation. ---Cheers