#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Behe claims that --They can bring together separate components and place them in relationship to each other, to create an effect that may be extremely unlikely to occur by chance. So we detect design by inferring that some parts appear to have been arranged for a purpose.--Remember however that this addresses only chance and not regularity. In fact, it is regularity which helps us understand how design inferences work in real science where science deals in concepts such as means, motives and opportunities to narrow down the possibilities not by relying on chance but rather on an interplay of regularity and chance. How do we determine that a person was involved in a crime? Not by stating that 'chance and regularity' cannot explain the data thus designed. Few crimes if any have been solved in this manner, and that should come as no surprise since we would expect to see many innocent people locked up. Without however understanding motive, means and opportunities, one cannot easily make a design conclusion. Gary Hurd presented a good example of how the circumstance of our background knowledge can greatly affect our inference. The case involves an example in which a religious person was bitten by a snake. Initially this seemed to be just another accident, until the police found out that the snake was part of a snake charming ceremony in which the faithful handle snakes. While not as much an accident, it was also not a case of attempted homicide but it could be interpreted as an attempted suicide. After all, what person would willingly handle these poisonous snakes? But then the police found out that the woman was the wife of the preacher and that the preacher had just taken out a large life insurance for his wife. Now suddenly the police became suspicious. But was this evidence of murder or just a coincidence?ID's hypothesis would be useless in this case. Of course, ID proponents may argue that the design inference is not meant for all circumstances but I would argue that for rarefied design, it is unsuitable in any circumstance. Rarefied design is design which lacks the necessary information to constrain the explanatory power through relevant background data.In addition, while the concept of purpose is used by Behe, ID provides no way to determine purpose and in fact, due to its teleological nature, natural selection, which selects for function can be easily lead to apparent design. In fact, this returns us to the Paley problem namely that science replace our ignorance with scientific pathways to explain the evolution of life on earth. That subsequent data continued to strengthen these findings has made evolutionary theory such a powerful explanation. While ID has good reasons to want to return to the pre-Paleyian age, it presents no methods to differentiate between apparent and actual design. In fact, such a differentiation is never truly possible in case of the supernatural because one could always argue that the designer used nature for its design, just like the evidence suggests.In fact, ID does not infer purpose or a purposeful arrangement, it merely claims that design is that which remains when science has failed (so far) to explain a particular feature or system. However, to call our ignorance 'design' is just equivocating on concepts.So next time an ID proponent asserts that ID detects design through the purposeful arrangement of parts, let's remember that this is NOT how ID's methods work. 