#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--But it's more than we don't understand' thus designed. It's specified complexity. Wherever we find specified complexity we find a designer. But for the theological implications this would be non-controversal.--That is yet another one of these ID claims which lack in much relevance. But for the sake of the reader, let's explore Jim's claim because otherwise the ID proponent may argue that I have not fully represented the ID argument.Specification is something that is, as is with so many aspects of ID, ill defined and even harder to measure but according to Dembski. first of all in biology, specification seems to be similar to 'function', which in evolution leads to an immediate problem namely that function is also an expected outcome of evolutionary processes.--Addressing the particular question regarding whether the bacterial flagellum is specified, Dembski confidently declares that, ÒSpecification is never a problem. The irreducibly complex systems we consider, particularly in biology, always satisfy independently given functional requirements.... For instance, in the case of the bacterial flagellum, humans developed outboard rotary motors well before they figured out that the flagellum was such a machine.ÓNFL, p. 289.The flagellum functions like an outboard rotary motor. The rotary outboard motor pattern represents a functional requirement independent of biological systems. Therefore, concludes Dembski, the flagellum is specified. --Source: Hopward van Till, "E. Coli at the No Free Lunchroom"    http://www.counterbalance.net/id-hvt/isthe2-body.html    In other words, in biology, the complexity part is established through our ignorance and the specification through function, so we can slightly revise our claim to state that in biology 'design' refers to science's ignorance about how a particular system with a function came around.Note that ID also does not provide any additional side hypotheses to explain from the ID perspective how such specification came about.In other words, outside biology, what is sufficient to identify some subjective function or pattern which is independent of the system and voila the foundation for a specification arises. Since we are very well aware of the fact that us humans are extremely capable of seeing 'design' in many aspects of life, it should not come as a surprise that under ID's approach the "Old man in the mountain" is as valid a design inference as Mount Rushmore, but of course likely to be wrong. Similarly, the patterns of circles or stable orbits combined with a lack of understanding of how science would explain this, caused Newton to infer 'design' for planetary orbits.Worse of course, the ID hypothesis does not only infer 'design' but provides no measures to show that its inference is more likely than 'we don't know', making the inference highly unreliable. And if we take Dembski's claim that if the design inference includes false positives, it would be useless, I am surprised why we are still talking about this.