#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
==TJ10==The Dover verdict was a farce. ==Of course, ID lost because of a lack of evidence that ID had scientific content.==TJ10==The Judge simply copied large amounts of material word for word from the material he received from the ACLU. This was a shameful low blow? Why - if it is true?!!! His mind was made up before he even heard the case. ==Nope, the ACLU submitted the findings after the trial. Sorry but your ignorance of legal procedures has caused you to make foolish arguments.==TJ10==Even the Discovery Institute was against what they were trying to do. Granted, the Dover school board had religious people on it, but that doesn't mean that their religious views mean that we can dismiss the scientific arguments that may lend support to those views. ===Hence the important findings that there were no scientific arguments==TJ10If so, let's dismiss all the evidence that lends support to the religious views of the Darwinists as well.==Sure, let's reject God. After all many a Christian has no problem accepting the science we have come to know as evolutionary theory with a foundation laid by Charles Darwin.So TJ10, you seem to have made quite a few 'foolish arguments', how familiar are you with Augustine?--Augustine==Usually, even a non-Christian knows something about the earth, the heavens, and the other elements of this world, about the motion and orbit of the stars and even their size and relative positions, about the predictable eclipses of the sun and moon, the cycles of the years and the seasons, about the kinds of animals, shrubs, stones, and so forth, and this knowledge he hold to as being certain from reason and experience. Now, it is a disgraceful and dangerous thing for an infidel to hear a Christian, presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture, talking nonsense on these topics; and we should take all means to prevent such an embarrassing situation, in which people show up vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh it to scorn. The shame is not so much that an ignorant individual is derided, but that people outside the household of faith think our sacred writers held such opinions, and, to the great loss of those for whose salvation we toil, the writers of our Scripture are criticized and rejected as unlearned men. If they find a Christian mistaken in a field which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions about our books, how are they going to believe those books in matters concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the kingdom of heaven, when they think their pages are full of falsehoods and on facts which they themselves have learnt from experience and the light of reason? Reckless and incompetent expounders of Holy Scripture bring untold trouble and sorrow on their wiser brethren when they are caught in one of their mischievous false opinions and are taken to task by those who are not bound by the authority of our sacred books. For then, to defend their utterly foolish and obviously untrue statements, they will try to call upon Holy Scripture for proof and even recite from memory many passages which they think support their position, although they understand neither what they say nor the things about which they make assertion.==Augustine (A.D. 354-430) "The Literal Meaning of Genesis (De Genesi ad litteram libri duodecim)"  translated  by J. H. Taylor in Ancient Christian Writers, Newman Press, 1982, volume 41. Wise words, we Christian should remember.