#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
In fact, Behe's claim is either tautological or it is wrong. Tautological because a Darwinian mechanism can never produce 'design' since design is the set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity or chance, in other words design can never include scientific explanations or the design disappears. But perhaps Behe means that Darwinian mechanisms cannot explain what ID proponents have come to conclude were designed. That of course is a wrong statement because science not only can explain information and complexity, it can also explain perfectly natural pathways to irreducibly complex systems. In a recent change of heart, Behe has attempted, mostly based on overly simplistic arguments that evolution cannot explain certain specific aspects which he calls the "edge of evolution". Examples include a two site binding site. However, once again, Behe presents an overly simplistic strawman of evolution.I find it troubling how ID scientists have to ignore scientific data and findings to support their claims and instead seem to resort to careful cherry picking of data and facts that suit their purposes. An example is the malaria resistance which Behe argues must have happened in two independent steps without the possibility of intermediates when in fact the opposite is the case as papers in this area have documented. Others have similarly shown how Behe's claims are contradicted by the evidence. So far, ID seems to have ignored these evidences. And one still wonders why ID is considered to be scientifically vacuous by so many people, including many Christians. As a Christian and as a scientist I am appalled by the lack of scientific content of ID, but I am even more concerned by its dangerous theology which insists that God should be exposed to scientific disproof. After all, is that not what would happen if science were to show how a flagellum evolved? After all, the flagellum is argued to be 'designed' and since the design inference is 100% reliable lest it would be useless (Dembski), any scientific contributions which strengthen the already strong case of how the flagellum could have evolved, would undermine the concept of design, would it not?Well, not really, after all the concept of design is not about the existence of a designer but about scientific processes being unable to explain a particular system. Surprised? I bet many would be and in fact, many would accept the erroneous claim that disproving ID would disprove God. ID is unable to place any of its hypotheses at any danger since it is an argument based on a negative.