#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
I'm hardly the authority for all the great questions in life.. and these debates make me feel as if I'm submitted as being so.. or required to be so.... That doesn't mean I don't have an answer... it just means it might not be correct... I'm flawed like everyone.As I already said.. the Bible is not meant to be a   science   handbook... but it does profess to being correct in every detail.. since it is divinely inspired. Thus it can be useful as the tool to verify God exists.  One aspect of that is the reason there is an 'old' and 'new' testament... the old testament largely consisted of future predictions - such as those in Isaiah - the new testament was verification that these predictions came to pass.  These are discounted by people by claiming they were written after the fact.. though I think the dead sea scrolls show otherwise - and I believe the Bible's teachings were written even earlier than this - and passed in verbal form even further back.Also in many regards you can find on the   internet   long lists of Bible statements which were not common scientific knowledge at the time.. As is with all things.. people attack many of them on many levels... One such statement in the Bible is that the world is described as a circle..this was completely unknown at the time - those who discredit the statement point out that the hebrew word could also be translated as 'circuit' or 'compass'....though obviously that wouldn't make as much sense..'It is He who sits above the circle of the earth,And its inhabitants are like grasshoppers'that one is from Isaiah 40:22... and is old testament.. very ancient stuff. 740-680 b.c. is commonly held. The point being.. just when in history did we learn the earth was circular?  Around 300 years later Aristotle proposed the idea in his book 'on the heavens'.. but it wasn't accepted as a given.one nice example of Biblical 'science'''He [  god  ] hangs the earth on nothing''first off..this is from Job - and as I recall that was old testament stuff as well -definitely B.C. - which I believe is in the dead sea scrolls as well.. at the time people had various beliefs about the earth... whether it be it was on the backs of infinite turtles or the like... and many other views -. but the knowledge that the earth floats in space was not known as a fact.There are other examples.. and of course they can be debated on different levels.. one being the translation.. another being the date written.. and third the exact meaning implied..The point is not that the Bible should be used as a science handbook - it was never intended to be so..that was never it's intended purpose.  The point is that this 'primitive' text is consistent with science - and appears to be ahead of it's time from the things it points out, some of which would ironically be heresy at the time.  There's much more.. but I'm not going to list them all.. descriptions of the process of water evaporation and clouds.. things like that - which may sound unimpressive until you consider what people of the time commonly knew about weather.  Also.. scientists typically wonder why the Bible doesn't contain some more obvious reference.. like say to the DNA double helix.. or something similar.. though this would definitely be convenient -- it goes directly against God's purposes... as I mentioned to you before - it is necessary for God to maintain 'plausible deniability'.. a rough balance... he has to give enough evidence to support belief - yet not so much that it would make faith unnecessary - a mention of something such as DNA would clearly destroy this... (though I assume some still wouldn't believe... man's capacity for disbelief, especially these days, is amazing).as far as your question..Where does God get the   energy   to do so?..You are kidding right? 