#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"The origins of life are the focus of a great deal of study, but it focuses more on biochemistry then   evolutionary biology  , as there was nothing to evolve before the first cells existed."I can agree with you on that, but I can't help but wonder how you would falsify the prospect of an undirected origin for life. "The theory that a supernatural entity created life on Terra seems very close to creationism to me..."Of course the supernatural is not something ID can address on it's own. "...and since the theory has so little backing I would not expect it to be taught as though it were an accepted theory."Shall we then dive into some of the evidence placed in it's favor and you can tell me what is so deficient about it?"Scientists may not yet have built a perfect picture of how life evolved, but the theory accurately describes what we observer,"See the list of failed predictions I linked to. I think a lot of people would disagree with you on this one. "and allows for predictions to be made regarding what will occur to a species over time."Examples???"Every time a new fossil is discovered another hole fills in... do we really need to revise our entire world view on nothing more then some missing bones?"Of course not, missing bones are just a small part of the picture. Can we look at the rest of what ID is paying close attention to, or do we have to argue about semantics first?"Except for in the fossil record, where transitional elements are quite prominent."One thing which I have found prominently amusing is what many have called the "retroactive ignorance" of many people in paleontological studies. You know, the whole "Well, there are no missing links, but each day we keep finding a new fossil which finally proves it!" If what you're saying is true then why is it that researchers keep finding a new "missing link" that finally settles the debate when prior to such a finding they insisting that no such thing even existed?"Interspecies mating? New species usually evolve from existing populations due to   genetic   changes over vast time scales, not from the mating of two separate species."I can agree on this one, but Livvy's main point seemed to show that too much variation between two maiting living things does not always lead to a new "hopeful monster" as some have called it. "Yet there are no birds before the archaeoperyx, and after the archaeoperyx the birds begin to appear.... how does ID explain that?"By taking existing structures and gradually reworking them. Kind of like the lineage between a model T and a Ford F-150. "What reason is given for the appearance of birds after the appearance of bird like dinosaurs (which were not lizards)?"See the above point. 