#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Evolution
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
The existence of the Universe and Life itself is considered mathematically impossibleI'm curious who (other than yourself) considers this to be the case. I know most scientists don't. The main reasons for this are:1) Much is still unknown about the creation of the universe, and therefore attempting to put a numerical probability on the chances of it's existence is futile, and clearly any figure is going to be wildly inaccurate.2) The universe is huge. The is so much stuff out there, that actually the chances of life occurring at least once, are probably pretty damn likely. As is the case with the previous answer though, we have no way of knowing the probability of life until we find (or don't find) other life.3) Every individual scenario is unlikely. If I were to roll a billion sided dice, the chances of any one number coming up are wildly improbable, however one number will come up. Does this mean God did it? Maybe, but much more likely it was chance. Compare this to life on earth. Every single individual life is wildly improbable (think about all the sperm cells that could have reached your mom's egg) however, once again when we look at the whole picture we see that life did have to happen, it just happened to take this form.idk, maybe what pisses me off is the harsh reaction to the idea of ID.I think the claims you've heard about the "harsh reaction" to ID have been either exaggerated, or flat out fabricated. The fight has been to keep ID out of the classroom, because it was being used merely as a way to undermine evolution. There are in fact Christian scientists who, more than likely believe that God is guiding evolution, however these people still know that ID is not scientific.What you need to understand is that no scientist, atheist, Christian, or otherwise takes the idea of ID seriously. You claim that it makes mathematical sense, then prove it! Show me some equations, that says that evolution needs an "intelligent agent." There is none. People used to think that rainbows were proof of an intelligent designer, because it was so unlikely that the light would just form in that way by itself. Well turns out it's not unlikely, and is simply refraction. Substituting "God" in for what we don't know has never gotten us anywhere. Looking for natural explanations may seem "both illogical and logical" (whatever the fuck that means) to you, but look at where it has gotten us (at this point you should look around you and think about what someone from the 1700's would think of your lifestyle). Maybe the world isn't completely rational, but so far all evidence points to the contrary.Edit: Just came across this video which is very relevant to my argument. I hope you take the time to watch it.