#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
OK, you are right on this point as well.  There is a difference between methodological naturalism and naturalism.  I am still learning here.  However, whether a scientist is a methodological naturalist or a true naturalist really doesn't matter.  When they do their work, they do it assuming naturalism to be true.  In other words, they allow no possibility for supernatural explanations or causes.  This is even more difficult to understand if the person is not a true naturalist. Who says that scientists need to approach science from the perspective of naturalism?  Who made that rule?  Is it valid?  No. Of course not.  Because they are dismissing the possibility of a Designer, or any and all supernatural causes for the effects they study from the beginning.  There is no rational reason why this should be.  I mean think about it.  Why would someone who is not a naturalist assume that worldview only when he does science?  Unless it is possible to prove that God does not exist (which it isn’t), to simply assume that He does not even if it is only in methodology, would be irrational.How the world came to be and the natural forces at work in the universe right now are not necessarily connected.  For instance the forces that make a car and the principles that enable it to work are different. Just because the forces that enable the car to work are natural does not automatically mean that the forces that created it to begin with are natural as well.  This is an arbitrary and illogical conclusion.  To block out all other answers is not rational.I agree with you though that Darwinism does not automatically lead a person to atheism. There are a lot of inconsistent Christians around.  There are a lot of inconsistent evolutionists around as well.  However, if naturalism is true, then it does lead to that conclusion.  Since Darwinism is based on naturalism, even if only methodological naturalism, it is a very simple step to atheism from there.  Many have taken that step when they started to believe in Darwinism and understood the implications of that view on the Bible and religion.  God is no longer "necessary" in their eyes. As Oxford evolutionist and antitheist Richard Dawkins claimed, it was impossible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist before Darwin. The implication is that now it has become possible.  Stein should have said that Darwin made it much easier to become an atheist rather than Darwin leads to atheism.  It does not in every case.  He simply overstated the problem.tjtjIn the recent movie, "Expelled" the claim is made by Stein that it "“appears Darwinism does lead to atheism.”As Schloss explains in his 33 page review, this is an important claim and it is wrong--This is a hugely important claim, which is undoubtedly the core issue in the cultural debate over ID. It is the reason the ID movement musters such passionate commitment and why it is, in fact, a “movement” at all. In the movie, ID proponent Jeffrey Schwartz concludes, “The conflict over the principles of evolution has become a religious war; it is no longer a conflict over science.” Whether or not the debate was ever primarily over science, the film is correct in identifying it as being a world-view conflict that is largely religious in character. The question we desperately need to address is whether this is a conflict that must be fought, and what is the evidence presented in the movie for going to battle? Does Darwinism “lead to atheism”?--Concluding--And even if Expelled wanted to take a very strong stand on an extreme answer to the questions, that would have been stimulating. But the stand seems to have been taken, without letting in the questions. At least on this question – “does evolution lead to atheism?” - the movie seems to have forgotten the Proverb. I don’t happen to think all ID theorists are intellectual terrorists. But ironically, in failing to distinguish genuine enemies of religion from passionate advocates of evolutionary theory – by pitting itself against the evil empire of Darwinism – this part of the film seems to confirm the very stereotype it seeks to debunk.--PS the proverb referenced is "When the banner unfurls, all reason is in the trumpet.” - Ukrainian Proverb