#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
  science   always wants to separate that messy first cell from   evolution   theory..and it's Abiogenesis... not Ambiogenesis.. - but anyway, yes evolution is separate from the explanation of the creation of the first cell.. but why does it matter?  Science needs to explain all of the above.  It needs to explain a universe which created itself, the first form of life that created itself and also a theory of evolution which operates with no actual mechanism except random mutation and survival.  None of these will work without an intelligence to guide them.Why hasn't evolution been proven wrong you ask?  First off, it's not falsifiable!!!  It's not even a proper scientific theory...because it has no actual means of being proven wrong.  What's even more ridiculous is now science takes anything done in the various subjects like genetics as 'proof of evolution'.... The fact that someone found a chunk of DNA that was an old virus and pieced it back together is NOT PROOF of evolution... it's something we have learned simply by studying the genome.  Of course genetics is related to other subjects like evolution... but it's not evolution.Evolution claims that all the species descended from a common ancestor - and that they did so by mutation and natural selection.  The problem is... if you feel that an animal changed in small steps without any guidance.. not all steps would be beneficial.  The next problem is - the fossil record would NOT look the way that it does if this were the case. Question:  If an animal which has never had 'legs' evolved a new leg... how would it happen? Would it be in small steps or would it just sprout a leg?If you are like most scientists I'd assume your answer is that it wouldn't happen instantly - that the leg would have to form in gradual steps.  So where are the fossils for the many gradual steps of this leg forming.. or for that matter every single change that every single species has gone through?  Wouldn't you have to see at least one fossil with a partially formed leg?... no?... why not?  We agreed that each step would be gradual... so why instead do we see nothing but fully functional   animals   in the fossil record?  Why is it we see nothing of that sort living either?  If you began the forming of a wing.. wouldn't there be tons of conspicuous transitions?You have seen 'The Transformers' right?  In between two stages there would be many odd forms that simply have no logical function... but the fossil record doesn't show that. - So far the fossil record has shown nothing but the vast variety of God's creatures... nothing more.Where are the transitional forms leading up to the   dinosaurs  ?  How about giraffes? Cheetahs? Woodpeckers?How is it that for the first '3 billion' years nothing was on the planet but one celled organisms and algae --- and then once we came to the cambrian period '530 million years ago' suddenly at least 19 phylum appeared (most likely more).. not only phylum.. but many sub-phylum as well.. - including chordates - with not a single transition leading to them.. all appearing in a 5 million year span of time.  Is that evolution?  Nothing but an amoeba.. and then nearly every family of animal and plant appears in the equivalent of 1 minute out of the 24 hours of history?  That's not logical if your only explanation is 'random mutation'... and it definitely destroys any idea of common ancestor unless you mean an amoeba.Look at it and think about it... evolution is a lie.