#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
" We focus only on the constitutional aspects to this issue. Americans United's main point is that the teaching of intelligent design in public schools is unconstitutional. It is religion, not science. Judge Jones agreed with us. The Kitzmiller case is over. "Oh really?  The 'unconstitutional' premise, which resulted in a legal 'conclusion' by Judge Jones, was based on his interpretation of (1) The Establishment Clause, (2) The Lemon Test, and (3) his definition of 'religion.'  Without taking up space analyzing the first two, addressing the third negates the relevance of the first two.In the Lemon v Kurtzman ruling, as in virtually all other Supreme Court cases, religion has not been defined, although in lower court cases, it has in some cases been defined in a narrow or broad sense, according to what the jurist(s) felt was needed to adjudicate a particular case. One of the main problems then, in applying the Lemon Test, is a proper interpretation of the term 'religion'.  Referring to excerpts from the Utah Law Review published by arn.org, this topic is addressed, with citations from relevant court cases.pg. 47  "Though the courts have generally resisted formulating definitions ofreligion, the Ninth Circuit test articulated in Peloza v. Capistrano UnifiedSchool District226 and Alvarado v. City of San Jose227 stands as a clearexception to that rule."  Similar to the Lemon Test, it consists of (3) qualifications for a motive to be religious.  I'll list those three, along with my interpretation."First, a religion addresses fundamental and ultimate questions having to do with deep and imponderable matters."My take:  ID seeks empirical and statistical verifications/ falsifications, rather than to attempt to answer 'imponderable matters [questions]."Second, a religion is comprehensive in nature; it consists of a belief-system as opposed to an isolated teaching."There is no established "belief-system" presented as evidence of design."Third, a religion often can be recognized by the presence of certain formal and external signs."Here is the clincher, quoting from pg. 46:  "The third part of the test concerns the "'presence of certain formal and external signs.'"  The court provided a list of such signs, including liturgy, clergy, and observance of holidays.  Obviously, design theory has none of these - no sacred texts; no ordained ministers, priests, or religious teachers; no design theory liturgies; no design theory holidays; and no institutional structures like those of religious groups."If these prongs properly define 'religion', then Judge Jones erred in his decision.  "Implying" a God, does not a religion make.  A designer, design team, or designers over vast time would not need to constitute the role of an overseer, or an entity that conforms to prevailing monotheistic religions.  An appellate court ruling can be cited as a basis for later rulings, and in this case, to more accurately define 'religion' as referenced in Lemon v. Kurtzman, but not properly defined in that decision.  I eagerly await a subsequent court ruling based in-part on the above, as well as other relevant facts, to put this nonesense to rest.  I feel that Tom Jefferson would agree.    http://www.arn.org/docs/dewolf/utah.pdf    