#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
First of all, I have no "presupposed attitude." I was a young earth creationist like yourself when I was first introduced to these issues. If anything, that was my presupposed attitude, and it took years for me to overcome it. If you think original sin, substitutionary atonement, and the trinity are obvious when reading the scripture "as a whole," then I highly suggest that you read the works of Christians who would disagree with you. I particularly enjoyed Tom Harpur.I don't know how better to state this: The theory of evolution is the most extensively verified theory of science outside the mathematical precision of physics. No other theory has the same extent of converging, collaborative evidence from such a diversity of scientific disciplines over the past century. Paleontology, anatomy, biochemistry, genetics, medicine, psychology, sociology, geology, astronomy, and even computer science are just a few examples of the fields independently producing volumes of observations that validate the theory of evolution.As an example, consider human retroviruses. An endogenous retrovirus is a virus that infects gametes and becomes part of the genetic makeup of a species. These fragments of DNA make up about eight percent of the human genetic code, and thousands of them are in the exact same locations in chimpanzees. If chimpanzees and humans were created separately then the probability that the same viruses would infect the same locations in our genetic codes is near impossible. The only two viable explanations are that (1) we share a common ancestral population with chimpanzees or (2) the creator pre-infected both species with the same viruses in the same genetic locations. Is the second explanation compatible with your god or your notion of original sin?   http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/12/03/071203fa_fact_specter   That is just one example of thousands from genetics alone that validate the theory of evolution. Evolution is not irrefutable, but it has an incalculably high probability of being correct based on our observations. There is no controversy among professionals: evolution happened. The only disagreement that still exist are over the details.Ambiogenesis is a separate theory because Darwin's theory never dealt with the first life. His theory presupposed the existence of life to explain the development of biodiversity. God may have created the first life, and the theory of evolution would still be correct. Ambiogenesis is an area of ongoing research complicated by the fact that the earliest life did not fossilize, but it appears increasingly likely that the earliest self-replicating molecules formed naturally. Most of the molecules required by the simplest cells are naturally occurring.You suggested a conspiracy theory to force the theory of evolution into schools. There are thousands of scientists all over the globe from every creed, ethnicity, and nation relying upon the theory in their daily work. To suggest that all these individuals are complicit in a global conspiracy to force the theory onto school children is ludicrous. If evolution were indeed a lie, the whistle blower who could explain exactly how the theory is flawed would become a household name overnight. She would have more grant money than she could spend. In such a competitive profession, why hasn't this happened?