#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--TJ10--It is the scientific evidence that is important. If the evidence points to an "unscientific" worldview, then maybe, just maybe, the worldview of naturalism could be wrong? That is a distinct possibility you know. Scientists take it as a given when it is not a given.--In fact, scientists do not take the worldview of naturalism as a given, but rather use a _method_ of methodological naturalism to guide them in their scientific research and hypothesis forming. Now, ID proponents have systematically represented the issue erroneously as naturalism when it is methodological naturalism, a confusion started with Philip Johnson. Even though Denis Lamoureux attempted to educate Phil, it seems that the damage was done.In the recent movie, "Expelled" the claim is made by Stein that it "“appears Darwinism does lead to atheism.”As Schloss explains in his 33 page review, this is an important claim and it is wrong--This is a hugely important claim, which is undoubtedly the core issue in the cultural debate over ID. It is the reason the ID movement musters such passionate commitment and why it is, in fact, a “movement” at all. In the movie, ID proponent Jeffrey Schwartz concludes, “The conflict over the principles of evolution has become a religious war; it is no longer a conflict over science.” Whether or not the debate was ever primarily over science, the film is correct in identifying it as being a world-view conflict that is largely religious in character. The question we desperately need to address is whether this is a conflict that must be fought, and what is the evidence presented in the movie for going to battle? Does Darwinism “lead to atheism”?--Concluding --And even if Expelled wanted to take a very strong stand on an extreme answer to the questions, that would have been stimulating. But the stand seems to have been taken, without letting in the questions. At least on this question – “does evolution lead to atheism?” - the movie seems to have forgotten the Proverb. I don’t happen to think all ID theorists are intellectual terrorists. But ironically, in failing to distinguish genuine enemies of religion from passionate advocates of evolutionary theory – by pitting itself against the evil empire of Darwinism – this part of the film seems to confirm the very stereotype it seeks to debunk.--PS the proverb referenced is "When the banner unfurls, all reason is in the trumpet.” - Ukrainian Proverb