#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"A.    Intelligent design does not study the designer, but rather studies natural objects to determine if they bear the tell-tale signs that they were designed by an intelligent cause."And that study has completely failed to convince real scientists that there really are any biological entities that bear such supposedly tell-tale signs.  So intelligent design fails in its anti-evolution purpose."B.    Intelligent design does not attempt to address religious questions about the identity or metaphysical nature of the designer."Wise choice.  But what about non-religious questions like how, what, and when?  Oops.  Intelligent design does not try to address those questions either."C.    Intelligent design’s non-identification of the designer stems from an intent to respect for limits of scientific inquiry and not make claims that go beyond what can be learned using scientific methods."Hilarious.  You aren't actually using the scientific method and you are not making any claims that make any sense, so talking about a supposed designer doesn't make any sense anyway."Explanations that call on intelligent causes require no miracles but cannot be reduced to materialistic explanations."Riiight.  So it's not natural, but it's also not supernatural.  Silly me, I thought those two categories were rather all-encompassing."What has kept design outside the scientific mainstream these last 130 years is the absence of precise methods for distinguishing intelligently caused objects from unintelligently caused ones."Seems reasonable to me.  And since that is still true today, ..."Intelligent causes can be inferred through confirmable data."So you say.  How come those silly scientists don't believe you?  Do they just look at your "confirmable data" and say "nonsense"?  No intelligent cause required?  Isn't it just "obvious"?  What kind of proof are they demanding?  Oh, that's right, you refuse to speculate about the nature of this "intelligent cause".  So why don't they simply think your explanation is a miracle?  What's the difference between an unexplainable "intelligent cause" and a "miracle"?