#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
As one commenter has already touched on..I'm sure of one thing... I trust the one who made the Geologist... - not the Geologist.Even a skeptic or atheist should be able to admit:  The wisdom of the Bible is quoted more than any other book... even by the secular community.  Is that simply because the authors were 'really good writers'?  It's no accident.. the book is clearly divinely inspired.  So many people are willing to pass off the stories as simply having 'good morals' or some type of poetic worth... I was an atheist at one point and saw the book through such a lens.  Now, with an understanding of God's existence.. I look back at the book and wonder how I could have ever interpreted it this way.If you believe there is a God... then I can't see how you would accept the idea that he is allowing lies to be spread in his name - It may be difficult for you to accept the 6 day story.. but that's understandable.. you are human after all.. and prone to misunderstanding (myself included of course).If you accept a being created us.. the stars.. and all we see.  A being that defined the elements and set in place the physical laws, yet you draw the line at a 6 day creation, well that seems awfully faithless.  As far as a young earth or a old one, there's so much information pouring out from both sides of the argument that I've found myself shifting back and forth.. one moment I believe one side.. and then I read more and switch to the other.  Honestly I haven't made a complete decision and possibly never will.  I'm truly not sure that a 6 day creation is hindered by an old earth anyway.. The lord does work in mysterious ways indeed.  Consider for example Answers in Creation's 'Plausible Deniability' argument:  Simply put.. if we ever were to confirm a young earth it would push the idea of God to an area where it was probable even from a skeptic's perspective.  If that were the case then it would destroy the necessity for faith.  It's obvious God has avoided there being anything which unquestionably points to his existence.. and for good reason.  We must commit to his existence on our own...   science   isn't going to give us that holy grail we are looking for.But no matter which is true - 4.54 billion years or a handful of thousand... this doesn't change the fact that if God said it.. I trust him - not his flawed creation.  If you believe the Bible is only metaphor.. then you obviously believe God had no hand in it.  This means you believe in a God which has allowed his name to be trampled from the dawn of time.  That is a belief I will never subscribe to.