#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"- Features that appear vestigial and functionless actually serve a function (eg., appendix, coccyx)"So what, using   intelligent design  , is the purpose of the appendix?"- "Junk" DNA does, in fact, have a function."ID only says that all DNA has to have a purpose, it does not predict what that purpose is or describe a mechanism for how that part of the DNA strand came to be."- The alteration of an organism will not always be slow and gradual, or step-by-step."Where does evolutionary theory say that it will be slow or gradual?  Evolution has been observed to act very quickly, sometimes over the course of decades."- That which determines the fundamental features of an organism will be logical and ordered (eg. DNA), as opposed to random."The Theory of Evolution says the same thing... features are not random, they are 'built' on features already present in an organism (A fish cannot give birth to a bird)."- There is no explanation invoking randomness or chance that can explain specified complexity."Specified complexity?  Can you qualify that further?  "ID would be falsifiable by testing its predictions. Some scientists have already claimed that ID has been falsified and adequately refuted, such as Ken Miller."Like the bacteria flagellum... which was claimed to be 'irreducibly complex' but has since been demonstrated to be otherwise."There is also a paper published in Science (1) that claims that a study by Bridgham and a study by Lenski “solidly refute all parts of the intelligent design argument”."You mean the Lenski long term evolution experiment?  Where E.Coli bacteria underwent a significant   change   (gaining the ability to use Citric Acid as a   food   source) over the span of twenty years?  That experiment was a very good example of how a species can change in the presence of environmental pressures... without genetic manipulation from a 'designer'"Unsurprisingly the very next sentence is contradictory: “Those ‘alternate’ ideas, unlike the hypotheses investigated in these papers, remain thoroughly untested.""How so?  Can you show one recorded demonstration of intelligent design in action?  One scientific study that would show the manipulation of a designer?