#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"By the very nature of its approach, "intelligent design" cannot be satisfied with a "designer" who is part of the natural world."Define "natural world".  Prior to 1950 there were only 97 known elements. Several decades earlier, photons were unknown, or at least 'unproven'.  By the mid 1960's, physicists realized that their prior concept of matter being composed of the fundamental protons, neutrons, and electron, was insufficient to explain the myriad new particles being uncovered.  Prior to evidences, it was met with skepticism, and some of them were referred to as quacks; and thus came 'quarks'.ID addresses evidences for designed structures, mechanisms and synergistic systems in biology.  Hypothesizing intervening agencies is more difficult, and irrelevant to the ID synthesis.You at the institute state that the designer could not be natural.  I disagree, since everything that interacts with known matter (in this case bioforms), would likely exist within the universe, to enable it to interact.  It could well be external, if space is multidimensional, but it's not a requirement.  The basis for you claim is a fall back on the religious point of view for the master designer, but has no scientific evidence or merit on its own.  You conclusion, based on you meritless allegation of supernaturality or transcendency, is therefore pointless. Richard Dawkins and Jerry Coyne did a piece for the Guardian in which one of them, probably Dawkins, stated, " ... any God capable of creating a bacterial flagellum (to say nothing of a universe) would have to be a far more complex, and therefore statistically improbable, entity than the bacterial flagellum (or universe) itself ... "What kind of logic is that?  Is it improbable to be more complex than 45 proteins in one package?  Or even worse, to be more complex than the universe to create it?  What is the evidence for those assertions?Since an ant is more complex than a flagellum, I assume that one could put together a flagellum, even if God couldn't."Its advertising to the contrary notwithstanding, "intelligent design" is inherently a quest for the supernatural."  No, it's to define, and detect (or falsify) design in biosystems, and in so doing, possibly modify evolutionary theory.  While it's true that some advocate, and seek to validate, a young earth hypothesis, that is far from what ID hypothesizes.Ayn Rand rejected religion, and by extension theism, more for political reasons than logical inferences.  She believed in objectivism and rational thought.  So do I, but I also see the evidence of, and the logic for design.So who designed the designers?  I dunno, how do you assemble spirit energy?