#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
In the past, the flagellum was supposedly an example of an "irreducibly complex" biological structure that could not evolve.  Now Luskin is reduced to "may":"may indicate that the flagellum arose by intelligent design"May?  "Intelligent design" MAY have some evidence?  Or maybe not.  Such nonsense.Luskin says of Dembski:"This provides him with an ideal background provide giving a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design"Riiight.  Too bad he has utterly failed at any attempt to give "a rigorous mathematical methodology for detecting design" in the last decade or two.Luskin opines:"But federal judges can get things wrong all the time."Riiiight.  This federal judge held a trial for six weeks and ruled against "intelligent design creationism" in every single respect.  So I guess it's time to have a "debate" in the court of "public opinion" in order to try to get the verdict overturned?  The judge ruled "It's not science" and nothing that any of the ID "scientists" have ever done would lead to the conclusion that there was any possibility of actual science being involved with "intelligent design".Luskin quotes an attempt to avoid the supernatural:"Explanations that call on intelligent causes require no miracles but cannot be reduced to materialistic explanations."This seems to me to be an obvious contradiction - "cannot be reduced to materialistic explanations" means "no natural explanation" and that means a "supernatural explanation".  Who are they trying to fool?  They didn't fool a federal judge!Finally we get to the fundamental question:"ID makes reliable inferences."Well maybe Luskin wishes to assert that, but scientists say "nonsense".  How can ID convince scientists that the requirement of an "intelligent cause" is a "reliable inference"?  They have tried and failed for more than 10 years.  Their attempt is:"Our experience-based knowledge of information-flow confirms that systems with large amounts of specified complexity (especially codes and languages) invariably originate from an intelligent source from a mind or personal agent."Fundamentally, this is an appeal to our knowledge of human agency.  Humans are "intelligent".  Humans create "complex information systems".  Therefore life forms were created in some unspecified way by some unspecified entity at some unspecified time in the past by an "intelligent designer".  Well, evolution is a perfectly good explanation and the "reliable inference" of "intelligent design" is nonsense.Luskin attempts (for the 100th time) so convince skeptics that ID really really is scientific:"Scientists then perform experimental tests upon natural objects to determine if they contain complex and specified information.(24)"But skeptics reject this assertion for the 100th time by pointing out that "complex and specified information" is in the eye of the beholder and not properly defined so that it could be used by a scientist.  And "irreducible complexity" of a biological system is simply a false assertion.Luskin then provides one final false assertion:"ID has also provided new insights into biology"Well, 10000 scientists say that such "insights" were really "distractions".