#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
“  science   always wants to separate that messy first cell from   evolution   theory..”Yes, because the theories of biological evolution only apply to living things… if its not alive then it is chemistry.“Science needs to explain all of the above. It needs to explain a universe which created itself, the first form of life that created itself and also a theory of evolution which operates with no actual mechanism except random mutation and survival.”And that is what Science is working on, so far with an exceptional amount of success in comparison to the alternative of ‘God did it’.“ None of these will work without an intelligence to guide them.”Can you demonstrate this?“Why hasn't evolution been proven wrong you ask? First off, it's not falsifiable!!! It's not even a proper scientific theory...because it has no actual means of being proven wrong.”Sure it can be… just clearly demonstrate an organism that has no evolutionary links.  No genetic similarities to any known creature, or no fossil record of ancestor species would do it.And how is Intelligent Design falsifiable?  Things like bacteria flagellum that were once held up as proof of ID have been shown to naturally evolve from other systems.“ What's even more ridiculous is now science takes anything done in the various subjects like genetics as 'proof of evolution'.... The fact that someone found a chunk of DNA that was an old virus and pieced it back together is NOT PROOF of evolution... it's something we have learned simply by studying the genome. Of course genetics is related to other subjects like evolution... but it's not evolution.”It’s not proof, but it is evidence to the existence of evolution.“The problem is... if you feel that an animal changed in small steps without any guidance.. not all steps would be beneficial.”Why not?  The intermediate steps could be either beneficial, or neutral to survival.“The next problem is - the fossil record would NOT look the way that it does if this were the case. “Then how would it look?“Question: If an animal which has never had 'legs' evolved a new leg... how would it happen? Would it be in small steps or would it just sprout a leg?”It would be small steps based on existing biological structures.  Tentacles can become limbs which can become legs after all.“So where are the fossils for the many gradual steps of this leg forming.. or for that matter every single change that every single species has gone through?”Fossilization is an uncommon process… so not every living thing will end up as a fossil.  No Scientists has ever expected a perfectly complete fossil record.“ Wouldn't you have to see at least one fossil with a partially formed leg?... no?... why not?”How do you mean?  Haven’t you seen the fossils of early amphibians?  They were very fish like with flippers that also acted like limbs to drag themselves across the land.“We agreed that each step would be gradual... so why instead do we see nothing but fully functional   animals   in the fossil record?”Because evolutionary steps are not driven towards some future goal, they are adaptations to present   conditions  .   The animals that we se are fully functional, and are transitional to later forms.“ Why is it we see nothing of that sort living either? If you began the forming of a wing.. wouldn't there be tons of conspicuous transitions?”Flight adaptations are very rare throughout history… though there are creatures like flying squirrels that may adapt to flight if the evolutionary pressures continue in that direction.“You have seen 'The Transformers' right? In between two stages there would be many odd forms that simply have no logical function... but the fossil record doesn't show that. - So far the fossil record has shown nothing but the vast variety of God's creatures... nothing more.”Transformers?  Really?“Where are the transitional forms leading up to the   dinosaurs  ? How about giraffes? Cheetahs? Woodpeckers?”The dinosaur evolutionary chain is rather well documented. Spondylosoma is the seen as the closest ancestor to true dinosaurs (if not the earliest dinosaur) “Look at it and think about it... evolution is a lie.”And the alternative is “everything popped into being”?  Objectively which ‘popped into being’ story is the correct one?