#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
I'm going to ask both Creationists and Evolutionists to look at the following with a completely open mind for just one minute.  The Bible was written in ancient Hebrew, not English, yes?  We are on the same page so far.  In ancient Hebrew, the word yom can mean day, as in 12 or 24 hour periods, or simply period of time.  Medieval scholars translated yom as day in English.  They did not have a reason not to, yet.  Now, consider that Yahweh was explaining this to a semi-literate group of ancient nomads, with no understanding of the cosmos or the world outside of their little society.  He couldn't explain things to them using complex scientific terms, so he simplified it.  In the beginning, God (the Hebrew word used here is Elohim, which is plural, and not Yahweh, but that's a different argument, so for now I'll just use the more accepted word, "God" rather than the correct translation of Gods) said, "let there be light," and there was light.  Since there is no sound in space, the Big Bang would really be more like the Big Flash of LIGHT.  On Day 2, God creates the heavens.  From this Big Flash of Light, stars and planets and everything the ancient Hebrews could see in the heavens were created.  He then, on that same day, seperated the waters of the earth from the waters in the heavens.  Heavy volcanic activity in the early days of Earth's forming spewed a great deal of water vapor from the primordial ocean, forming an atmosphere.  So far, it fits together fairly well.  On Day 3, God seperates the water into one great basin, and dry land appears.  One basin of water and one spot of dry land sounds a lot like Pangea to me.  God also creates plants.  This is the one place where they don't seem to line up absolutely perfectly, as God doesn't create the "lights in the sky," the sun, moon, and stars, until Day 4.  It could perhaps refer to simple, anaerobic, single celled organisms being formed before the smoke and debris from the volcanic activity cleared enough to allow the "lights in the sky" to show through.  Obviously, the ancient Hebrews would not have understood the concept of microscopic organisms, so this is a possibility.  On Day 5 God creates the sea creatures (which came first) and the birds (which, along with reptiles, followed).  On Day 6, God creates land animals, which are basically mammals, which also came next according to   evolution  .  Finally, God created man, which fits in perfectly with evolutionary theory.  The only differences are the complexity of terms and the lenght of the days, one caused by necessity and the other caused by poor translation.  The only other difference being that one came several thousand years before the other, but is basically the same thing.  The world was created exactly as the Bible says it was, over billions of years.