#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
In order to better understand Intelligent Design, it is important to appreciate how it abuses and conflates terminologies. For instance, ID claims that science is unable to explain 'design' and yet it appeals to science being able to explain design as evidence that ID has content.Let's look at the argument in more detail:---ÒIn all irreducibly complex systems in which the cause of the system is known by experience or observation, intelligent design or engineering played a role [in] the origin of the system.Ó ---Now remember that complexity refers to our absence to understand how to explain something, and that the statement basically states that "when we do not understand something" and it is 'irreducible' then it must be designed. However, we do know that natural pathways to irreducibly complex systems exist, of course, since these pathways are natural, the complexity disappears. However, the same applies when we provide a design explanation.In order for the design inference to be reliable, ID has to be able to show that there are no false positives. And yet we know that historically, people have erroneously assigned design and designers to thunder and lightning, disease, natural disasters, solar eclipses and so on, so the claim that design inferences are reliable is flawed. Now, the mere fact that design inferences are not reliable, does not mean that science cannot use design inferences reliably. But for that science assigns a plausible positive hypothesis which can compete with other explanations. For instance in criminology we look at means, motives and opportunities, combined with eye-witnesses, alibis and physical evidence to generate a plausible hypothesis which can establish "beyond reasonable doubt" the guilt or innocence. These forms of design as known as regular design as opposed to rarefied design. In an excellent paper Wilkins et al explain the differences (1)--he second way that the inconsistency can be resolved is as we have already indicated, by recognizing a distinction between ordinary design and rarefied design. For those events where our background information includes information about how agents or processes produce events of high probability, we would assign those to the HP category and explain them with reference to regularity. This would preserve a place for a class of rarefied design in the Explanatory Filter, but Dembski's earlier arguments about design indicating agent causation because his Explanatory Filter captures our usual means of recognizing design would only apply to the class of ordinary design, not the desired rarefied design. It is only by the attempt to inconsistently treat agent causation as a privileged hypothesis that Dembski can (erroneously) claim that ordinary design and rarefied design share a node on the Explanatory Filter.--In other words, instances of rarefied design, since they cannot really compete with the "we don't know" explanation, cannot be assigned the category of 'design'.Notice how ID manages by bait and switch to claim both that ID provides an alternative explanation to scientific explanations as well as that ID uses the same scientific approaches as science to make its case. Needless to say, it is trivial to point out the inherent contradiction and show that because of this conflation, ID attempts to claim that it uses similar approaches to science to infer design. However, even a cursory scrutiny of their claims quickly reveals that ID relies not on a scientific approach of providing positive explanations and hypothesis, but rather on elimination and since they refuse to present any way to constrain their designer and thus the design, they are unable to compete with our ignorance.Needless to say, science has found that such simple mechanisms as regularity and chance can in fact increase information and complexity and create what is called in ID parlance "specified complexity" in the same manner as ID claims that 'designers' can create such complexity.Finally, it is worth pointing out that ID refuses to admit that there exists a theory which outcompetes their preferred 'single designer' thesis, and shows that a hypothesis of "multiple designers" explains the data much better. The unwillingness and inability to address even the simple alternative, shows that ID is more concerned about its religious position than about science.Ask yourself: What has ID done in a non trivial manner, that increases our scientific understanding in a positive manner? Nothing, in fact, it has attempted to downplay scientific knowledge, misrepresent scientific findings, to further its case. More on the latter part in a future contribution.(1) Wilkins, John S, and Wesley R Elsberry. 2001. The advantages of theft over toil: the design inference and arguing from ignorance. Biology and Philosophy 16 (November):711-724.