#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=creationism
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
Your definition of faith is atheistic; it actually denotes the essence of the term foolish. Explain how any person can believe in something about nothing that doesn’t exist. People can only know or not know of that which exists. If evolution is observable in the laboratory what is the name of the new species? Are you asserting that evolution is observable in controlled artificial laboratory experiments? Then, if you are, how is that evidence of evolution when it can only be evidence of artificial manipulation of a species? I thought evolution is a naturally occurring process, not a consequence of a controlled experiment in a lab. Allow me an opportunity, here and now, to describe in part my approach in answering the question of intelligent cause.The axiom of my argument: The laws of mathematics are the consequences of an intelligent eternal cause. No man or group of men can claim that he/they is/are the author of the laws of mathematics, for the laws existed before a man recognized them. We can however, fundamentally claim that man recognized by reason the known laws of mathematics, but never can it be claimed that man is the author of that which he has recognized by reason. The laws of mathematics existed before they were identified by man. They are eternally true. For example, 1+1+1+1+1100=1104 is true now, and is true thirty trillion centuries from now, and has always been true apart from time itself. This is an eternal truth for the equation is true apart from time itself. When there exists eternal truths that are only recognized by intelligence such as I describe there is an eternal cause of those consequences. And since mathematics is an exercise of knowledge and intelligence it is therefore the consequence of an intelligent cause.If someone would like to contradict the conclusion of my argument I offer an invitation to do so. However, the difficulty in opposing this view is that the opposition must prove that there was a time when 1+1= not 2. I have loosely laid out some of the evidence that supports the deductive conclusion that the whole of the creation is a consequence of intelligent design. And as necessary, I will add thereto so that my statements are understood in the manner I have intended.