#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
You're right, science is not atheism, but not that's what most people make it out to be.  They take God totally out of the equation and most deny that He even exists.  Some are even more open to the fact that aliens created us, which takes a lot of faith to believe.I am not just addressing cosmology or biology, I'm addressing the whole concept that God was not involved in creating the universe.  Whether your talking about either one of those particular topics is irrelevant, the real issue is that some people (maybe not yourself) make God absent in creating the universe, you, me, my dog, that that tree outside, and so on.  I do appreciate that you state that "science is not atheism" and there are reason's the universe functions as it does (cosmology or biology), but what other explanation is there to...life...or the universe?  Do you have a hypothesis on how we came to be?  I would love to hear it.I think you missed my point about the whole issue of "chance".  When I said that, I meant that some believe the universe (cosmology) spontaniously came together by a giant expolsion, and later, just happened to create life as we know it (biology).  "Chance" was just a point to illustrate the randomness of our whole universe and ourselves coming together.  I still fail to grasp the amount of faith it takes to believe this.Yes, a baby being formed is natural, but the fact that we as humans are able to reproduce is a miracle all in itself; just look at all the things that it takes to make it all happen.  I just can't understand how some people can think this all came together by "chance".  The belief in something other than intelligent design takes much more faith than what I believe.You also missed the point about purpose.  As a Christian, I know that the God who created me has a one-of-a-kind plan for my life.  If God didn't create us (which is highly, highly unlikely) and there is no plan for each of us, then what's the point of living?  If I'm here just to live and die, no wonder the suicide rate is as high as it is!I'll say it again: I've found purpose.  I've found happiness.  HAVE YOU?