#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
I guess I must be old fashioned - but I do believe in real science. And I do recall that scientific experiments have never given evidence to suggest that spontaneous generation occurs. That being true, why in the world do so many in the scientific community hold so tightly to the notion that somehow, out of the "primordial ooze", given just the right mixture of mud, slime and chemicals, a living single cell organism just sort of "poofed" into existence, complete with DNA, and able to reproduce. And then, that single organism just kept on changing into a new species every so often, which "evolved" over time into all of the plants and animal that we see on the earth today. Now, that is a monstrous stretch of the imagination, not to mention totally non-scientific, and at best, pure speculation and more likely pure nonsense. There is no evidence to support this idea. So why is this theory of spontaneous generation at the very core of modern science today?  Years ago, without the tools of DNA analysis, and to appease those who funded certain "scientific experiments and writing", I can see how the evolution theory was ginned up, with the backing of some physical science and observation. It was a story easy to understand, and with the education of the day, it appeared believable. People said, "Aaaaah. Now I can sleep at night, knowing how I got here."I understand that without some kind of creation theory, there is a huge "void" in understanding our existence: How did we get here? Where did we come from? What about the dinosaurs? However, I was taught via science at a young age that "just because you don't understand something or have evidence to prove it, you are not justified in making up a story to fill in the gaps, and then selling the idea as fact".Very recent, extensive, highly sophisticated genetic studies have generated very compelling evidence to suggest that one species does not "evolve" or "give rise", over time to a separate species. While I believe that through "natural selection" and "survival of the fittest" a species in a given area may prosper or decline, and through that "natural selection" process, certain physical or other attributes become more common in a species in a given area, genetic evidence suggests that one species does not "evolves" into another species over time. The way I see it, Intelligent Design is just as viable a theory as spontaneous generation. In fact, even more believable. Why? Because:1.) I am 100% certain that I am really here. I can prove it. I am proof that a living human species really does exist. There is real, hard evidence. And there is solid evidence that a huge variety of different kinds of living things exist today on this earth and have existed in the past.2.) The Human species has a huge variability in physical and other attributes, but genetically we are all one species. We are not genetically linked to any other species on the planet.3.) Since spontaneous generation does not work, how do you account for the fact that there is life on this earth? It had to have happened some way. There is an explanation.4.) And since one species does not give rise to another different species, just how would you account for the incredible variety of living species on this earth today? There has to be some explanation.4.) The notion of Intelligent Design, with all of the possibilities that goes along with it (including the notion that perhaps that entity is possibly the same species as I am) seems very plausible to me, and not nearly as flakey as clinging to a non-scientific notion of spontaneous generation, or that one species gives rise to another different species over time and thereby gave rise to all of the varieties of species on this planet today. C'mon now. Let’s actually be scientific about this! Intelligent Design has as much merit as the non-scientific evolution theory. Intelligent Design DOES NOT necessarily imply "religion". Where does that notion come from? It merely implies an intelligent life form "could" have had a hand (or paw, or branch) in populating this planet with the wide variety of living things we see today.So the way I see it, anyone with a sound scientific mind would consider it idiotic NOT to put forth Intelligent Design as a possibility.