#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Naming two well known ID proponents does not a citation make to support PvM's twisted version of ID arguments.  I've asked for them repeatedly and he's dodging.  What PvM still fails to understand is that probability is a measure of random outcomes.  It cannot 'prove' design because it isn't a measure of agency.  Probability tells us how often to expect a certain arrangement of a given number of items within the whole set of items.  We expect fellow poker players to get flushes and straights and even straight flushes.  We know a royal flush is possible but not very probable so we might naturally suspect a fix on the deal if several royal flushes were dealt in an evening of cards.  Extend that to a running game over many days and we are less suspicious.  Why?  Because of all possible arrangements of hands, a royal flush is the least probable and very unlikely to be repeated in a limited number of deals.  A deck of cards is cut before dealing as a check on intentional sorting.So we could go through all the permutations of flagellar components, the number and arrangement of proteins, the nucleotides needed to code them and so on, but why?  If we stumbled upon a starter motor in the middle of a remote Amazonian jungle, our experience would immediately eliminate it as a product of environmental selection.  The exact same is true when modern science reveals an IC structure such as the flagellar motor & assembly.  The absence of a plausible natural pathway means the design inference is valid.  The appearance of such a pathway would falsify design.I have not focused on pure chance, either.  Regularity and chance can explain re-arrangement of existing systems, but I would (again) request PvM produce citations to support his central claim that specified information is an emergent property of matter. That I do not address other aspects of the ID argument doesn't mean I've I excluded them.  I'm  just addressing the simple core of ID:  Design eliminates chance as a cause.  Initial biological systems formed by chance collision of the right stuff in the right environment at the right time, growing more and more complex either happened or did not.If the question is whether some arrangement of matter is random or designed, then assuming chance fills the gap beforehand is classic question begging.  PvM's circular proof therefore doesn't stand.  His allusions to facts to which he offers no support, other than the force of his assertion 'regularity and chance can explain information and complexity quite well', stand wholly unsupported.Okay PvM.  Support that last one.  Cite the literature which demonstrates how information and complexity are easily explained by regularity and chance.  That would falsify a central proposition of ID.  Since you said it would be easy, I eagerly await the citation. 