#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
It is not entirely clear to me who you are inditing for being rude, so I wont attempt to defend them.I would like to respond two points you raise:1) That it is preferable to have a super-natural design process to a natural design process. I'm afraid I can't understand where you are coming from. I really don't see what difference it makes as to what process is responsible for designing us, what the goals, preferences, or attributes of our designer are etc.Can something be wonderful because it is made by this person in this location at that time? Or is it wonderful because of some property the object possess in the present time? In other words, aren't people wonderful simply because they are people? I have never met a person and asked myself: Was this one created by God? Because if this person wasn't then they just aren't wonderful anymore. I only want intrinsic wondrousness, not some worthless extrinsic wondrousness. And on your second point: Yes,   evolution   is in every single biology text book, just like relativity is at the end of every single physics text book. I'd like to know what you would think if a teacher presented three views for our creation: Evolution, intelligent design, and malevolent design. Can I tell students that life was created to inflict suffering on other life? In all honesty, should I be ALLOWED to tell students that human beings are the creation of a malevolent entity? By simply presenting arguments to support this conclusion I would be forced to advocate some form of satanism. Less illustratively, teachers do not have freedom of speech when teaching children. I cannot go into school tomorrow and tell all the children in the class and express political opinions. I cannot go and express theological opinions. (Children: pray to Satan. I'm sure I won't get fired for telling you to do this...) Teachers simply do not have the same freedom to express their opinions in the class room as you have in a public forum. I know you believe that ID is excluded from scientific texts because of its religious connotations. You probably wont believe me but nothing could be further from the truth. ID is excluded from scientific text books simply because of its lack of scientific standing. If ID researcher had productive scientific careers resolving longstanding questions of theory, then I can assure you ID would quickly be adopted by grant hungry professors everywhere.  To provide the most succinct summary I can: ID cannot be taught in a science classroom because no arguments in favor of it are scientific. Do not confuse philosophy and mathematics with science. 