#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"The argument always had intuitive plausibility."And absolutely no scientific plausibility."it certainly points in the direction of a universe designed for complex life."I am not familiar with any universes which were not "designed" for complex life.  So I don't think that an "example of one" really means anything."If we were to just pick these values at random,"I am not familiar with the process of "picking these values at random."  Can you explain to me how to do this and how to create a universe?"indicate that the evidence of fine tuning is a problem"Yes.  We certainly need more examples of other universes in order to better understand just what range of values such constants normally take when universes are created.  Have you made any observations of such values in other universes?"In other words, the places where complex observers like us can exist are the very same places that provide the best overall conditions for observing."Riiiight.  Here again, it seems that you have failed to provide other examples of worlds where complex observers like us also have the best conditions for observing.  And I have failed to produce counter-examples.  So what?  As usual, an "example of one" might, in fact, be just good fortune.  But your "argument" is not scientific, it's just your personal opinion."the most life-friendly region of the galaxy is also the best place to be an astronomer"I am not familiar with any other "life-friendly" region of the galaxy where it might or might not be a better place to be an astronomer.  Are you?"Probably none of these pieces of evidence in isolation can force the committed skeptic to admit design; but, taken together, I think they are strong evidence of intelligent design for anyone open to the possibility."Perhaps that would be someone who has a religious motivation to accept such a "possibility"?  But no, "intelligent design" is not about a god, even if all of its supporters express such theism?