#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--ICDesign--'WHAT' IS A INTELLIGENT DESIGN AND 'WHY' IS YOUR EXAMPLE AN INTELLIGENT DESIGN? simple straight forward question. what is your simple straight forward answer? bet you can't do it--You should not be a betting man when you are bluffing so obviously (hint: all caps). You ask some good questions and since you 'see design', you may be horrified to find out how the Intelligent Design movement has defined design to be nothing more than the "set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity-or-chance" or that which remains once one has eliminate regularity of chance hypotheses.Shocked?... I bet but things get worse, in order to go from design to 'designer', the ID movement uses induction, which of course has its usual problems---Ryan Nichols--Before I proceed, however, I note that Dembski makes an important concession to his critics. He refuses to make the second assumption noted above. When the EF implies that certain systems are intelligently designed, Dembski does not think it follows that there is some intelligent designer or other. He says that, "even though in practice inferring design is the first step in identifying an intelligent agent, taken by itself design does not require that such an agent be posited. The notion of design that emerges from the design inference must not be confused with intelligent agency" --The notion of design should not be confuse with intelligent agency. Now how many ID proponents or enthusiasts are familiar with this hidden gem?Let's give an example of (failed) intelligent design. When Newton arrived at his laws of motion, he was shocked when he realized that the orbits of planets could not possibly be stable. To 'explain' the stable orbits, Newton invoked a "helping hand" of God. Only when Laplace, some half a century later, realized Newton's mistakes, was the necessity of said intelligent designer removed.Newton's appeal to design is based on what ID proponents have come to define as the "design inference".This should teach us once and for all that an appeal to design, when lacking anything more than ignorance, is not very reliable, historically speaking.Does this help? Do you have a paypal account? Oh what the heck, this one is on me...;-)