#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"And I understand that God knows every future event before it ever occurs."So if God has a perfect view of the future then God knew that when he created Adam/Eve, and placed the Tree of Knowledge in Eden that Adam/Eve would not be able to resist the temptation?  Indeed creating them without enough willpower to do so?Or even before that... God created Adam and saw that he was lonely... but God already knew that Adam was going to be lonely.  Why create Adam, wait for him to get lonely, then create Eve?If we take both the Bible as the literal truth, and the view that God is omniscient, then that means that God deliberately created an imperfect mankind... and if we further take that God is omnipotent then that means that God created an imperfect mankind even though a perfect mankind could be created. "Some of the translations I wouldn't recommend.. they are in my opinion clearly inferior versions.. "What makes those translations inferior?  God created the Bible knowing that they would be translated that way, so obviously those translations are exactly as God intended them to be."Are you familiar with the commandment 'Thou Shalt not Kill?'... is there some question about it's proper translation?"Actually yes... a more accurate translation is often seen as 'Thou shall not   murder  ', which is distinct from 'Thou shall not Kill'.'Thou shall not kill' isn't a very practical commandment as we kill things all the time.  Trees are killed every time they are cut down after all.  There is no wiggle room in that statement... but 'Thou shall not murder' allows us to go about our daily lives."or 'spare the rod, spoil the child'..."Beating your   children   is somewhat frowned upon these days."So you feel that a God which can create the universe somehow can't create light without the Sun? I'm pretty sure YOU can even create light without the Sun - in many ways even."What about those who don't believe in the Christian God?