#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
All too often the terms of this debate don't get defined.  It's hard to know what is being debated when readers don't know what the NCSE, ARI or AU mean when they say evolution, or when they refer to intelligent design.  Specifically, when defining intelligent design it's important to note that what is most often reported in the media is NOT in any way a definition of the theory that ID proponents subscribe too.  You usually see something along the lines of "life is so complicated it must have been designed by a higher power."  That is not at all how the leading proponents of ID describe the theory.  That is how critics like the NCSE or ACLU describe theory. According to the theory of intelligent design, certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection.  This definition can be found at:     www.intelligentdesign.org/whatisid.php    .Scientist who support intelligent design seek evidence of design in nature, and argue that such evidence points to intelligent design, based on our historical knowledge of cause and effect. Intelligent design theorists argue in favor of design theory based on the recognition of things like the rich digital information in DNA and the complex molecular machines found in cells. They do so because invariably we know from experience that complex systems possessing such features always arise from intelligent causes.  For instance, the DNA molecule is embedded with an immense amount of information.  In our uniform and repeated experience, information only comes from minds (read: intelligence).  So why should we attribute the information in DNA to a mindless process like Darwinian evolution?  ID scientists think we should not.  Obviously, ID is an inference from the evidence, not from religious scriptures or practices.So, intelligent design theory is not an argument based on what we don’t know, but rather an argument from what we do know.Defining what biological evolution is:There are three simple, but very different definitions of biological evolution.  When speaking with people about the issue it is important to ask them which definition of evolution they are using. 1)  Change over time (even billions of years, most leading ID proponents believe the universe is billions of years old)2)  Common ancestry, all forms of life evolved from a single original life form3)  Natural selection acting on random mutation is the primary mechanism by which life forms have evolved.ID scientists do not have a problem with definition #1.  There is some debate over definition #2, but it is not incompatible with ID.  Definition #3, commonly referred to as Darwinian Evolution, is a specific part of evolution that ID challenges and is the heart of Darwin’s theory.   Be sure you know what people mean when they say “evolution.”Intelligent design is not the same as creationism. Creationism is usually defined by these tenets:• The universe, energy and life were created from nothing. • The earth is young, in the range of 6,000 to 10,000 years. • Earth's geology can be explained by catastrophic events, primarily a worldwide flood.• Mutations and natural selection cannot bring about the development of all living things from a single organism. 