#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
after the entire cain and able thing, the brother left to another group of people to find a wife....but a litteral reading of the bible does not allow there to be other people.  this is because in my opinion every religion's creation story is the creation story of THEIR people.  If a people live on an island with a volcano you can be certain fire and lava will be given as evidence of their God's expression.  If their cculture tells it's own story from an austere desert, you may be certain that it's laws from God will reflect the severity of the conditions around them.  The Egyptian's Gods demonstrated cyclicalness in every aspect of their human discription as the Nile's cyclical swelling was THE essence of their survival.In the same manner, religions can become mutated by it's authors.  God takes on the behavior of a Ceasar once Ceasar co-opted the bible.  Popes read into the Bible and extend the reality of the narrative's interpretation in ways that resemble exactly how history sees them.  If a pope was self agrandizing and greedy for power, God become increasingly so.Read a little anthropology and one quickly realises that the devil as described by each in the Bible reflects EXACTLY the specific negatives being experienced by those who are believed to have actually penned each of the gospels at the time such things, by all evidence available, were first commited to paper.  If the evil the group faced was a persecutorial leader....then the qualities of the devil described by them resemble the cruelty of the leader.  if the advesary was a cultural bias against the gospel sources group, the details of evil resemble this.On several side notes; If Jesus agreed with all of God's laws then he HAD to kill the adultress rather than get away with the "let he who is without sin" thing.  If this were an example to follow, we should enact NO judgement on anyone.  except the Bible does not allow us to ignore it's laws, so we MUST stone people as prescribed....right?If God told Adam and Eve not to eat of the apple, he would have had to have imparted to them the seriousness of doing so and the concequences.  but they did not know of right and wrong yet.  how could they have known that eating the apple was wrong?  A threat of pain?  pain was something they never knew.we have free will right?  it is not free will if we are threatened with damnation.  that is extortion.The story of creation, man inparticular is best read as insight the authors found, divine or not.  what we do know from personal experience is that Man at some point in our   evolution  , divinely guided or not, is most different from the animals because we ARE capable of harming needlessly, doing things which are short sighted, eating crud, making and then inhaling smog....we are no longer biological robots, mating when spring arrives, migrating when the sun gets lower and lower in the sky. If god is perfect then why did he let the devil loose on man?  If God has a plan and knows evrything why do so many people feel they have the right to doubt Gods plan by asking for things?  Anything!  This description of God is either one of a selfish Ceasar like God where we should beg and plead but he will doe as he wishes anyway and we should be thankful no matter the turn of events or people are wrong in their actions and prayer should be for thanks and appology only. God is more than humans can comprehend.  No two persons experience the divine the same even if they are of the same faith and subsect of that faith.  All that we can know about evil is that it is experienced by us as that which destroys Life.  Life as we know it is not simply whether something is breathing, it is the ability to unfold, continue to express.  Be it a spieces becoming another over time or a person being allowed to find his or her self....to have options in this existance open.  Suppression of Life are seen in poverty, shame created by a selfish culture, war, greed, violence  All anyone can say for certain if they believe in God is that God creates.  That is all we can see for certain from this side of the screen.  