#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=It has not
#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
That is your opinion.The truth of the examples given, and those not given, these being: bacteria, viruses, prions, whether disease causing as in flesh eating bacteria or whether innocuous does not change the fact that what is being observed can only be described after the fact. That live virus forms are engineered and released onto the unsuspecting human population is no consolation to those viruses that never got a chance to get started. Live viruses only protect against one clad, are unstable, and vaccines generally contain co-contaminants that are a result of the production process. Another Case in point: pig farms. Overuse of antibiotics breeds new forms of superbug. What is really happening is that the bugs are already there. Those more successful, or less inhibited, become more prevalent in their environment. Does this mean that man causes all disease to begin with? Hardly.In the end Darwin said it best in On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life:Let it be borne in mind in what an endless number of strange peculiarities our domestic productions, and, in a lesser degree, those under nature, vary; and how strong the hereditary tendency is. Under domestication, it may be truly said that the, whole organisation becomes in some degree plastic. Let it be borne in mind how infinitely complex and close-fitting are the mutual relations of all organic beings to each other and to their physical conditions of life. Can it, then, be thought improbable, seeing that variations useful to man have undoubtedly occurred, that other variations useful in some way to each being in the great and complex battle of life, should sometimes occur in the course of thousands of generations? If such do occur, can we doubt (remembering that many more individuals are born than can possibly survive) that individuals having any advantage, however slight, over others, would have the best chance of surviving and of procreating their kind? On the other hand, we may feel sure that any variation in the least degree injurious would be rigidly destroyed. This preservation of favourable variations and the rejection of injurious variations, I call Natural Selection.