#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
To start with with, I think the Wikipedia page:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creation_according_to_Genesis  has a good summary of the stories. Nobody, you can say you believe in the literal words, but you didn't answer the question of which words. I didn't use science or philosophy - just the plain Biblical language. In one version, man is created last. In the other, man is created far earlier - and the rest of Eden is created for him. Both put man in a primary position, but they have different orders. So if you can please resolve the difference for me without ill-mannered yelling and accusations, I would appreciate it. And if you could spell properly, that would be good also. Faith is not inconsistent with learning. As for the argument that somehow God's measurements are different form our own, why would God do that? If you follow that argument, then you need not believe ANYTHING in the Bible since it could be that God meant something beyond our understanding. If God speaks to us, then he must use the words we can understand or we cannot be expected to heed them.However, if there is one consistent thing in faith, it is that everybody who has experienced God puts it beyond words or human comprehension. When Isiah cried 'Holy, Holy, Holy', perhaps a better translation would be 'Other. Other, Other'. He was using holy as the opposite of profane - the day to day versus the beyond human understanding. To accept this though is to accept that the Bible is a human - not divine - creation. But again, if you are to believe the Bible literally, another question is, which Bible? I have two in my house, and the modern translation is different. At the start of John, the King James speaks of the darkness not being able to comprehend the light while the other says it cannot overcome the light. Those are very different to my mind. One is conflict, the other is a separation. As I try to divine God's will, which should I use as a starting point?Of course both use the English 'word'. That is a translation from the Greek 'logos', a word for which there is no true English equivalent. Once again, Wikipedia has as good a summary as any:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logos  Without some scholarship, no cursory reading of the passage can convey all the meanings it would have had for the author. But then much of John is different from the other gospels. Each was written for a different audience and emphasizes different aspects of Jesus. John's timeline for the events in Christ's death is factually inconsistent with the other synoptic gospels. But more important is the tenor of John. Written after the fall of the Temple, I believe John's main purpose was to establish Christianity as the legitimate successor to the only other Jewish branch to escape the 'cult of the temple' - the Pharisees. The scorn and derision heaped upon the Jews, particularly the Pharisees, seems more appropriate for discrediting a foe than loving an enemy. I am always willing to learn more. But please spare me the yelling, the putting words in my mouth, the anger that is totally inappropriate to discussing the divine. There is a Buddhist quote, "My teaching is like a finger pointing to the moon. Do not mistake the finger for the moon.".  Too many Christians have mistaken the Bible (the finger) for the moon (the will of God). Irenaeus taught that all that was needed was faith. The laity to have faith in the deacons, the deacons to have faith in the bishops. At the same time, he declared the gnostics - who believed in finding their own truth - heretics. The Bible does have Truth in it. But I believe it is the truth of art, of emotion, and of the human condition. Fact and history as we accept them didn't even exist when the Bible was written. For a very interesting commentary on the Hebrew Bible (Old Testament to us Christians), you might go to:   http://oyc.yale.edu/religious-studies   The course looks at the Hebrew Bible from the standpoint of what it meant to those who wrote it. It provides context and depth. And it does cover some of the creation story in addition. 