#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"Yes I'm fully aware what a Solar Eclipse is.. the point was that not only do they line up - the sun and moon fill each other precisely."except during partial eclipses..."This would not happen by chance..."Why not?  Is it impossible or just extremely unlikely?" for example if it were possible to stand on the surface of Jupiter I highly doubt that any 1 of it's 63 orbiting bodies would exhibit the same effect."The moons of Jupiter are much further away, so they are would appear significantly smaller... but yes it would be possible...  if the moons cast a shadow on the Jupiter then beneath that shadow it would appear to be an eclipse (though it is important to note that the Sun is just an exceptionally bright star when seen from Jupiter)."The only planet where life exists is the only planet where this spectacle can be enjoyed...."That would be somewhat of a jerk move... putting the moon there knowing that people were going to freak out during eclipses and kill each other to drive away the 'monster' eating the sun?"And the moon is essential to life since it stabilizes our tilt on our axis.. without it the earth would wobble causing massive   climate change   . These things show design.. not accident - which is the point. I'm afraid you are completely missing that point though..."I'm afraid that more evidence is needed to show that the moon was placed there deliberately.  Yes it does balance out the earths climate... which makes our lives possible.  That does not mean that the moon was placed there to do so.  I could say that America was created by a supernatural power so that I would exist... because if American was not here then I never would have been born.The   conditions   on earth lead to our creation, but that does not imply that those conditions were set just so that we would evolve here."Also, it's silly to assume our eyes would adapt to the pitch black of night if there was no moon... half the day we would still be in sunlight. Even nocturnal   animals   require light at night to see.. they just make better use of it by it reflecting off the back of the eye."The moon was there before life evolved... way before there were nocturnal animals.  That is why they evolved into nocturnal animals.  If there was no moon, and life evolved then it would have adapted to the conditions found on earth."Anyway.. the list of things in this world which reveal that they were designed for our habitation is as long as the list of things in this world.... if you can't 'see' that... I guess I can't change it."You are looking from now backwards... with the knowledge of what is to come it is easy to think that what we have is inevitable.  That is rather illogical.