#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
because you can't imagine a reason why both chimps and humans have a chunk of DNA that has the same viral code doesn't mean it's   evolution  .  It also doesn't mean God infected them both.I could easily see other reasons.. DNA is a code.. and follows rules in the manner it's formed.  If both species had encountered a disease it's not hard to believe the viral code would be in the same location.So called 'Junk' DNA is still quite a mystery... it was only recently that they began realizing it's not junk.  Matter of fact they are considering the possibility that the so called 'Junk DNA' may be the actual information for constructing the organism.. while the regular DNA is no more than the bricks and mortar to build with - It's possible junk DNA is more important.But since you shared your retrovirus story... I'll share a story with you.. How about the recent study on sea anemone's?   http://www.bio-nica.info/Biblioteca/Pennisi2007Anemone.pdf  ''One of the big surprises of the anemone genome, says Swalla, is the discovery of blocks of DNA that have the same complement of genes as in the human genome. Individual genes may have swapped places, but often they have remained linked together despite hundreds of millions of years of evolution. . .  Moreover, the anemone genes look vertebratelike. They often are full of noncoding regions called introns, which are much less common in nematodes and fruit flies than in vertebrates. And more than 80% of the anemone introns are in the same places in humans. . . Finnerty and his graduate student James Sullivan also looked in the anemone genome for 283 human genes involved in a wide range of diseases. They will report in the July issue of Genome that they found 226. Moreover, in a few cases, such as the   breast cancer   gene BRCA2, the anemone’s version is more similar to the human’s than to the fruit fly’s or to the nematode’s. . . This implies that even very ancient genomes were quite complex and contained most of the genes necessary to build today’s most sophisticated multicellular creatures. . . ''Interesting eh?  Why would the sea anemone have such complex DNA....?  As they put it.. it possibly has the genes capable of building today's most sophistacted multicellular creatures..  So then - did it always have them?  If it was a result of mutation.. why does it share so much in common with our own?The point is... there's more than meets the eye - and simply because you find a virus in chimps that is also in humans - this is not a proof of evolution from chimps... it just means (guess what) the same virus is in both.  Science is not   science   if it makes these kinds of assumptions.Many people like to say that we have 98% of the genes of the chimp..do you know we also have 78% of the genes of a BANANA!?does that lead you to believe we are related to a banana?question everything - science included.