#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"And one still wonders why ID is considered to be scientifically vacuous by so many people, including many Christians."Yes, I most definitely do wonder why it is held to already have been falsified. What doesn't surprise me is that certain theistic critics happen to resurrect the same tired arguments over and over again. Especially when some of them (such as Ken Miller) decide to use them under oath:  http://www.uncommondescent.com/intelligent-design/idea-co-founder-disembowels-ken-millers-strawman  /"As a Christian and as a scientist I am appalled by the lack of scientific content of ID, but I am even more concerned by its dangerous theology which insists that God should be exposed to scientific disproof."I guess I can believe the christian part, you do seem to be following Ken Miller's model of debate. But why are you accusing ID of bringing god into the debate when clearly articles on this site by ID'ers discourage this, and then you yourself decide to engage in the same thing? No one on here is trying to say that the existence of the judeo-christian god is a scientific question, rather ID claims that it's possible to detect whether or not a feature of the natural world is likely to have arisen by an undirected process or a pre-planned one. "After all, is that not what would happen if science were to show how a flagellum evolved?"Have you guys come up with anything better then Matzke co-authoring a paper explaining that parts just popped into existence out of nowhere and just so happening to magically arrange themselves in the right location, the right order, the right changes in function, the right interface-compatibility, etc. And to answer your question; no, a belief in a supernatural omni-potent entity (which I don't personally have) is not automatically falsified by showing that some particular feature of the natural world can arise without any intelligent intervention. The reason for this is because no one can say for sure how such a god would operate, and if the ONLY thing they would do is create flagella on various cells. "After all, the flagellum is argued to be 'designed' and since the design inference is 100% reliable lest it would be useless (Dembski), any scientific contributions which strengthen the already strong case of how the flagellum could have evolved, would undermine the concept of design, would it not?"See the above point."Well, not really, after all the concept of design is not about the existence of a designer but about scientific processes being unable to explain a particular system. Surprised?"Actually it's about what put certain features of the natural world in place. "I bet many would be and in fact, many would accept the erroneous claim that disproving ID would disprove God."Not unless they assumed that ID was the only basis for a belief in a god of sorts (which ID'ers are not telling people to assume)."ID is unable to place any of its hypotheses at any danger since it is an argument based on a negative."If ID were based on the negative argument that   evolution   can't produce something, therefore it was design, then ID'ers would insist the rings around Saturn were designed for the same reason since no form of Darwin's theory could produce them. Of course this is not what they would ever even remotely consider, so why assume it's just a matter of contrived dualism?