#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
For goodness sakes guys, very few people are advocating the mandatory teaching of ID in schools.. This is simply scare rhetoric to get people worried.  Even the Discovery Institute is against this.  You know very well that what people want is simply the freedom to look at both sides of the issue. Open debate.  You would think that learning institutions would look on this favorably.  I think we all know the reason.  Their arguments would not stack up against the arguments of the ID side.  Fear is the main reason for trying to shut out ID ideas from even being discussed in the classroom.  And you know very well why ID scientists have a hard time getting their research published in peer journals.  Censorship of ID.  Please, how dumb do you think the public is?  Give us a little more credit!!  It is downright insulting the way the intelligentsia views the public at times.  They want us to bow at their feet and take their opinions as absolute truth.Look what happened to Richard Stenburg when he had the courage to allow an ID piece get published?  Scientists and his peers jumped all over him.  He lost his job and his reputation.  An e-mail smear campaign was purposefully put in place. They wanted to make him suffer to scare others from doing the same thing. So much pressure was put on the magazine that they promised never to publish such a piece again.  And you want ID scientists to publish their articles?  They would if you would allow them to do it.The Dover verdict was a farce.  The Judge simply copied large amounts of material word for word from the material he received from the ACLU.  This was a shameful low blow?  Why - if it is true?!!!  His mind was made up before he even heard the case.  Even the Discovery Institute was against what they were trying to do.  Granted, the Dover school board had religious people on it, but that doesn't mean that their religious views mean that we can dismiss the scientific arguments that may lend support to those views.  If so, let's dismiss all the evidence that lends support to the religious views of the Darwinists as well.What worldview a person holds should not be the issue.  It is the scientific evidence that is important.  If the evidence points to an "unscientific" worldview, then maybe, just maybe, the worldview of naturalism could be wrong?  That is a distinct possibility you know.  Scientists take it as a given when it is not a given.  So if it is wrong, there should be evidence, scientific evidence that does not fit with that worldview.  Disallowing a presentation of this evidence because the worldview allows for the existence of "unscientific" beings is not rational.  You can't censor out all opposing ideas and then say "Look, all the evidence points to naturalism!"  Again, we are not as dumb as you think.Besides, if naturalism is the correct worldview, how do we know that we can even trust our own reasoning abilities?  Why would randomness produce laws of logic, information with specified complexity, consciousness, morality, spirituality, etc.  Again I agree that mandating the teaching of ID is wrong, but not because it is religious.  It does not deal with the religious side of the issue.  It simply says that there is scientific evidence for design.  Can't we agree that this is indeed a possibility???!!!