#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
I can see how it would be interpreted as a contradiction.. but it really isn'tFirst off the statement 'And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made'  only at first appears that he took 7 days... just read the sentence again - he rested on the seventh day... just the same as in the other verse... no conflict - it's just the wording of 'On the seventh day God finished his work'..    If you worked 6 days of the week - on the seventh you would have finished your work...  The creation was a week - with the last day resting.. same in both.as far as verse 2 it is an entirely different type of story...It's mainly dealing with the creation of Adam but also the naming of the various generations of   animals   and plants by him.  Verse 2 is not an actual step by step story the way the first verse is -- you can tell by the wording itself2:4 begins'These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens'He's telling us right off the bat.. that what we have is a telling of the generations of animals and also man that was created 'in the day that the lord made the earth and the heavens'....The 'creation of the heavens and earth' was the entire process... not day 1.....same as it says 'in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth'  in verse 1..this is not simply the first day.. but an introduction to the process.  Although I had never considered the interpretation you are describing.. it seems you are saying that it contradicts because of the use of the word 'day'?  Just like in hebrew - our word day has a double meaning.. it can either mean a time.. or an actual day - like the phrase 'back in the day' =)  What separates this day from the days in verse 1 is most importantly the lack of the mention of 'evening and morning'.But back to the point - Verse 2 is a telling of how he created the animals and also man.  Let's look at the verse once more - ' These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens, And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.'As I said... this part is not a 'step by step' of creation.. it is just as it says 'the generations in the day that God made them (heaven, earth, plant and herb)'  It is a special verse devoted entirely to the telling of the process of making man - and later Adam naming the animals.  The purpose of this verse in not to simply retell the creation story a second time (there would be no point to that).With that in mind.. this is why the statement of God 'having not caused it to rain upon the earth' is not an issue... simply because this is not a retelling of a creation.. but used to express a different idea.. I'll try to state it the verse in more of a plain english.. rather than Bible english -' This is the story of the making of all the living things on the Earth (generations), and how it occurred ... to witness the process we return to the point just before their making - the point before God had made it rain upon the Earth and before there were a man to work the ground.'The supposed 'contradiction' arises when you assume that 'God not having caused it to rain' is in chronological order to Genesis 1.. or that this is a step by step piece.  It is an introduction to Genesis 2 in the same way that 'In the beginning..' is the introduction piece for Genesis 1.That is the way it reads for me... and believe me - it was difficult for me to try to put this into words for you.....understanding the verse and explaining it are two entirely different things - but this is the interpretation I've always got from this verse.. In genesis 1 we tell the story of how it all was created - in Genesis 2 we go back a step.. and tell the story of animals and man.  The verse serves to separate Adam from all the other beasts and make clear man's importance.Hey... I'm no Bible scholar.... I value the fact that you've pointed out the 'contradictions' because I've never understood what people meant by a contradiction in Genesis... I feel it's in the reading that it sounds like a contradiction... 