#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--IslandContrary to modern and "variant interpretations" the Anthropic Principle was originally formalized by Carter as an ideological statement against the dogmatic non-scientific prejudices that scientists commonly harbor, that cause them to consciously deny anthropic relevance in the physics, so they instead tend to be willfully ignorant of just enough pertinent facts to maintain an irrational cosmological bias that leads to absurd, "Copernican-like" projections of mediocrity that contradict what is actually observed. --Let's see what we can track down via Wikipedia which is always a good start for any research--WikipediaThe phrase "anthropic principle" was coined by the theoretical astrophysicist Brandon Carter, in his contribution to a 1973 Krak—w symposium honouring Copernicus's 500th birthday. Carter articulated the Anthropic Principle as a reaction to overuse of the Copernican Principle, which states that we are not at a special position in the Universe. As Carter says, "Although our situation is not necessarily central, it is inevitably privileged to some extent"The paper references isCarter, B. (1974). "Large Number Coincidences and the Anthropic Principle in Cosmology". IAU Symposium 63: Confrontation of Cosmological Theories with Observational Data: 291-298, Dordrecht: Reidel.So the following part of Island's claim is correct"the Anthropic Principle was originally formalized by Carter "--CarterCopernicus taught us the very sound lesson that we must not assume gratuitously that we occupy a privileged central position in the Universe. Unfortunately there has been a strong (not always subconscious) tendency to extend this to a most questionable dogma to the effect that our situation cannot be privileged in any sense. This dogma (which in its most extreme form led to the 'perfect cosmological principle' on which the steady state theory was based) is clearly untenable, as was pointed out by Dicke (Nature 192, 440, 1961), if one accepts (a) that specially favourable conditions (of temperature, chemical environment, etc.) are prerequisite for our existence, and (b) that the Universe evolves and is by no means spatially homogeneous on a local scale. --How to translate this or map this to Island's claim is more difficult. Carter points out some interesting points that the Copernican position can be taken too far, which leads to a dogmatic thinking. Rather I will approach the topic by quoting Carter--CarterMy own interest in this matter arose from reading Bondi's (1959) book Cosmology in which certain widely known 'large number coincidences' are listed as evidence justifying the introduction of various exotic theories (e.g. involving departures from normally accepted physical conservation laws) of which early examples were the 'varying G' theories of Dirac and Jordan. I am now convinced of the opposite thesis: i.e. that far from being evidence in favour of exotic theories these coincidences should rather be considered as confirming 'conventional' (General Relativistic Big Bang)  physics and cosmology which could in principle have been used to predict them all in advance of their observation. However these predictions do require the use of what may be termed the anthropic principle to the effect that what we can expect to observe must be restricted by the conditions necessary for our presence as observers. (Although our situation is not necessarily central, it is inevitably privileged to some extent.)---So on one hand Carter does warn against dogmatically applying the Copernican principle, I am not sure that the full description of Island can be found in this paper.  The anthropic statement for instance was in response to Bondi's book in which he introduced several coincidences which would required additional, exotic theories to be proposed, including departures from conservation laws. Contrary to this Carter argues that these coincidences are well in line with common scientific understanding once we accept the  anthropic principle