#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Months later and I think we can agree Pandas did not advocate religion. "And yet ID also claims that historical sciences deal succesfully in detecting design, so in fact purpose or design can, as ID argues, be established using methodological naturalism."Pretty sure naturalism refers to the whole matter and energy/chance and necessity way of explaining everything. And yes, I agree that design has been successful in the historical sciences. ;) "So why is ID different?"It's not, at least WE AS ID'ERS don't think so. Do you beg to differ though? "Because they want to replace or extend MN by something 'supernatural', however since the supernatural lacks as an explanation, they have to confuse the issue by making flawed claims about science rejecting design and purpose at all cost."How is this the case? Didn't seem like they were trying to extrapolate the supernatural in those early drafts you people keep complaining about. "And yet, these people were following methodological naturalism,"PvM, if you want to spam several hundred comments onto this discussion then at least take the time to know what you're talking about. Richards was referring to Newton's view that if fine tuning exists, there's probably a fine-tuner. "It took half a decade or so for LaPlace to correct this flawed 'design inference'."I've studied the design inference for almost a year now whether through Dembski's works or other ID paraphernalia. How was Newton's flawed view a design inference?"Openmindedness does not mean that one should accept any argument that's more closer to a concept better know as gullibility."Breathe easy PvM, no one is advocating holocaust denial here. (just make sure Eugenie Scott is aware...) "Is there evidence for ID in nature."May I suggest you ask that question on an article that actually deals with nature and not the whole issue of whether or not it qualifies as science? "Surely ID does not really tell, all they do is call our ignorance 'design' and then conflate the terminology with how people more commonly interpret this terminology."Suggesting that design and information does not originate via blind, purposeless material processes sounds less like an argument from ignorance and more like an argument from experience to me. :/"Bait and switch."What's ID's bait and what does it switch to?"Lacking any foundation that constrains their hypothesis, ID is doomed to scientific irrelevance, and anyone openminded would have to admit this."Surely any open-minded individual would agree that ID has more then enough hypothetical constraints, otherwise you wouldn't be able to argue the evidence for it was wrong in the first place. "In fact, several ID proponents have admitted to the lack of a foundation for ID."Gonna quote-mine Paul Nelson on this one? I'm sure Barbara Forrest will sleep easy at night with that one. "So it is clear that Jay is wrong to argue that science rejects design a-priori, After all, the Discovery Institute argues that ID must be science because other sciences also infer design."You're joking, do you want me to find you ID critics who say design is not a part of science (or more specifically biology, physics, etc)?"So, for science to reject ID, it must be because it fails to contribute."What do you define as contributing?"Not because it is wrong, it is not even that, it's just vacuous."Should we move beyond the rhetorical sand in the face arguments of "It's not science, it's religious" and onto the actual evidence that has been presented in it's favor?"Is   intelligent design   science?"Most definitely yes, otherwise no one could argue it was wrong in the first place. "Does it matter?"If it didn't then you wouldn't be wasting your time injecting as much commentary on the topic as you already have. "ID lacks any non trivial scientific contribution,"Even the prediction that a function would exist for a pseudo gene? Any comment on the stuff on Research ID?  http://www.researchid.org/wiki/Main_Page  "...other than perhaps making the flawed claim that science and methodological naturalism somehow deny purpose and design or that MN would reject Newton and Keppler."See the previous points."Anyone familiar with these people would realize that they did not let their faith distort their science," Agreed, instead they used it as their motivation."although in the case of Newton he did show why a design inference based on ignorance is unreliable."How what you described of him would even be considered a design inference is beyond me, but I agree that such inferences cannot be formed on the basis of what we don't know. "We can only thank Newton for his contributions to science while also showing us why ID is doomed to remain scientifically vacuous."Never mind, I'll just let the explicit irony of that statement speak for itself. 