#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Mr. Behe makes two key claims in this short essay. 1) That mutations "tended to be degradative changes, ones which destroyed genes or made them less efficient."which he uses as an argument to his conclusion, that 2) "Darwin’s mechanism of random mutation and natural selection does not mimic design"However, there is a fundamental flaw in Mr. Behe's reasoning in regards to the first point, which leads to his erroneous conclusion. All mutations can be regarded as 'degradative' in some sense, but they are constructive in a different sense, because mutations involve a fitness trade-off. We know a prori that E. coli is very well adapted to its natural habitat. After 3.5 billion years of evolution, it is unfathomably unlikely that in .00000001 % of that time we will see natural selection produce and adaptation that is a pareto improvement on the function of E. coli, that is: an improvement with no cost. The only reason we see any beneficial mutations whatsoever is because we are placing E. coli in an evolutionarily novel habitat, where some of E. coli's genes are unnecessary, and where it lacks some functions which would be beneficial.   By way of analogy, if I took a coat hanger from my closet, bent it, and turned it into a well formed T.V. antenna, I would have greatly decreased the hangers ability to hold a coat. But if I don't need a coat hanger, and I do need an antenna, it is difficult to see how we can describe transforming a coat hanger into an antenna as "degradative", since the antenna has a highly specified from that looks just as designed as the coat hanger.  If I choose to regard all improvements which are not pareto improvement as 'degradative', then I would not expect to ever find evidence for evolution. Evolution works by making trade offs, destroying one thing to make a more immediately useful thing. So, because Mr. Behe confuses the kinds of improvements that natural selection makes with universal improvements in function. Because of this he sees no evidence for natural selection's ability to improve organismal function. The key test of Mr. Behe's characterization of the E. coli's cit+ mutations as 'degradative' will come when the mutations are fully characterized and we discover whether or not the novel proteins, which have unarguably be created by natural selection, function efficiently for cit+ metabolism. Putatively, I believe, a gene duplication has occurred, such that the cit+ E. coli have not lost any ancestral function.When these mutations are characterized and we have again documented natural selection creating novel cellular machinery, it may aid in preserving Mr. Behe credibility if he acknowledges that natural selection can create efficient cellular machinery. 