#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
Andrew Holt, here's my take on your question:1. "What is it with people like you ? was the   bible   the first book you read and then you quit reading anything else ?      Can you defend your position WITHOUT reference to the bible ?"2. "Do you have any evidence, yes EVIDENCE, from another source that shows the bible is the word of God and not just a collection of books selected by the Vatican to support a particular viewpoint ?"My answers to your questions are: 1. Why does it matter; NO; and NO.  2. NO.    The thing with people like us, people who believe in the Word of God is that we are dealing with a subject that goes beyond human beings.  The Bible (Scriptures or Torah) Is not necessarily the first book that we have ever read, but it stands out as one of our most favorite books.  If a man (or woman) says that he loves God and believes in Him as the Center of his life, then he will not have any problem using that book to help him support his viewpoint.  By the way, the Vatican was not the only branch of Christianity to select Biblical Books and support a particular viewpoint, some Protestant denominations were also guilty of deciding which Books would remain in the Bible nearly four centuries ago.  The Jewish people are guilty of omitting several Books from the Torah (Hebrew Bible), and some of these are included in today's Catholic Apocryphal editions of both Catholic and Protestant Bibles.   One of these Books, the Book of Jasher, is an authentic Scriptural writing that many scholars believe should have remained in today's Torahs and Bibles.  So much for that, I did not come here to split hairs with anyone.  As far as evidence to show that the Holy Scriptures are the Word of God, you need look no further than the Bible itself.  Since God cannot lie, why then, would the Word of God tell lies?  The Bible (and Torah) are not Vatican-selected books, no matter how much some of us may want to believe that.  In fact, the Vatican's Bible is the Christian Bible PLUS the Apocrypha, so technically speaking, the Vatican's Bible is more comprehensive than the one used by Protestants.  Go figure on that one!      