#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"So...you're saying Darwin's book "On the Origins of Man" actually has nothing to do with...the origins of man...? You're a sharp one. Man, you didn't even have to read the book - just the title."-LivvyAre you referring to "The Decent of Man" which details Darwins studies on the origins of the human species as it evolved from earlier Homids or "The Origin of the Species" which put forth the idea that currently observed species are evolved from earlier species by means of natural selection?  Neither of these two works deal with the very beginnings of life... just how life adapts to environmental   stimulus  ."My argument is not that ID explains everything. Or string theory. Or quantum physics. My argument is that Darwinists have no right to stand in the way of other theories that have scientific merit because they want to continue idealizing a concept that's full of holes."-LivvyHow are they standing in the way?  Is research into ID banned?  ID proponents are free to conduct as much research as they want, their proof has yet to reach the level or proof that Evolution has... and so it the theory of ID has yet to reach popular acceptance.  And doesn't ID have it's own host of holes?  What predictions can be made using the theory of ID?  Can the designers next actions be determined?"How does the nature of time have anything to do with ID? If time isn't linear, then the concept of the "beginning" doesn't bear much significance, because then there's a possibility that life has always existed somewhere in the universe."-LivvySo if life has always existed 'somewhere' in the universe then by what mechanism did it get to Terra?  By what mechanism does it violate relativity to move through time in violation of causality?"I understand that this is a theory, but it has more merit than the idea that life just somehow came into being out of nothing."-LivvyReally?  Closed timelike curves and the use of energies that transcend the output of the sun makes more sense then a series of chemical reactions?"I could have said that they believe a random catalyst associated complex molecules into organized aggregates and membranes which then converged to produce a primitive cell from which prokayotes derive, but lightning striking goo captures the idea just as well."-LivvyExcept that that puts for the idea that it was a single moment that transform a lifeless puddle of goop into the first life.  A much more accurate description is that a series of chemical reactions took place in the oceans of the world that led to the   creation   of increasingly complex chemical structures.  This led to the appearance of the very first forms of life... which were vastly simpler then even the most basic of cells."Instead of telling me what I already know - that ID is just a theory - why don't you actually make an intelligible counter-argument against it? Writing "Occam's razor" doesn't cut it."-LivvyI didn't mention Occam's Razor anywhere else in my post, it was the title... with a ? mark at the end.  Intelligible counter-arguments...1) What predictions has ID made and have they so far proven true?2) What is the nature of the Designer?3) What is the mechanism that the Designer uses to manipulate life4) What are the intentions / motivations of the Designer5) How can the   existence   of the Designer be tested?6) Is ID just a way of pointing at things that have yet to have shown a clear evolutionary path and claiming that that is ID?  7) Is there a demonstrative level of "Design" that is constant across all designed elements?"How 'bout this - I'll go ahead and advocate for the progression of science into the 21st century and you can spout 14th century philosophy as an excuse for not knowing what the hell you're talking about."-LivvyGo right ahead... I look forward to seeing a fully developed theory of Intelligent Design (though I'm not going to hold my breath).  However, Evolution (which does not deal with the absolute beginings of life) seems to do a good job of describing what we see around us, and can be used to make useful predictions.  When ID reaches that level I'll give it further consideration. 