#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
PT. 25. Irons defends Judge Jones’s double standard on motives. According to Irons, Judge Jones rightly scrutinized the religious beliefs of ID theorists while ignoring those of Darwinists, asserting that atheism naturally “follow[s]” from evolution, whereas religion motivates ID.  This is empirically false,22 and stands the First Amendment on its head: can Irons seriously claim that the First Amendment requires discriminatory treatment toward scientists because of their religious beliefs?  By arguing that Richard Dawkins’s atheism “followed”  from evolution, Irons concedes that metaphysical implications of a scientific theory cannot render it unscientific.6. Irons repeatedly misrepresents and misstates facts. Irons’s factual errors are too numerous to catalog, but we highlight some of the most egregious: Irons incorrectly conflates ID proponents with “biblical creationists.”  He wrongly implies that ID must reject common ancestry.  He accuses Michael Behe of failing to repair a purported “defect” in irreducible complexity, without revealing that Behe has responded to this objection.  He claims the John Templeton Foundation (JTF) asked ID proponents for research proposals which “never came in,” but JTF’s vice president denies that such a request was ever made, calling the episode a “media narrative manufacture.”  Irons alleges we “hijacked” Stephen Jay Gould, but Gould plainly agreed with Niles Eldridge that “the higher up the Linnaean hierarchy you look, the fewer transitional forms there seem to be.”  Irons insinuates that “not one” of DI’s fellows in the Center for Science and Culture has expertise in paleontology, ignoring the various ID proponents who have studied (or published) in mainstream paleontology circles, including on hominid evolution.  He claims “no ‘intelligent’ force can be observed or measured by any scientific process,” yet we explained that scientists study intelligence by observing humans and seek to detect intelligent action in SETI (“search for extraterrestrial intelligence”) programs. Irons uses poor sources for many of his claims, which may be why he is so inaccurate.Irons repeatedly falsely insinuates that we misrepresent quotations through omissions, but he misrepresents through creative quoting himself. For example, Irons claims William Dembski takes the position that “I am a Christian, therefore I reject evolution,” but ignores Dembski’s actual position: “Intelligent design . . . has no prior religious commitments and interprets the data of science on generally accepted scientific principles.”  It is Irons who has attempted to “swift-boat” the character of ID proponents through selective citations.Rather than refuting our substantive arguments, Irons attempts to divert attention away from the Kitzmiller ruling and its weaknesses. We trust that fair-minded readers will see through such tactics. If this is the best defenders of Kitzmiller can muster, the shelf-life of the ruling may be short indeed.