#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"Fine. And that's why this "theory" is not   science  . Your "intelligent cause" is completely undefined."Very well than. By the same logic the following theories have some explaining to do and thus are not qualified as science by your definition:1. Theories involving dark matter/  energy   (since they cannot explain what they each consist of)2. The Big-Bang theory (since they cannot explain what caused that first bang in the first place)3. Much of archeology (because they cannot always "define" who produced the artifact in question)4. SETI (because according to you, we would have to "see" the aliens in question to confirm that it actually was from an intelligent source)5. Any theory which involves explaining matter/energy interactions (since they cannot explain the very origin of that matter)...and the list goes on. "Its powers, limitations, method, time frame, etc. are completely undefined."They don't need to be. "Are you going to make "predictions" (as to where Tiktaalik will be found)?"Perhaps, but we can most definitely predict limitations to what malaria can become resistant to and possibly wipe it out altogether by creating antibiotics which are beyond the reach of chance when it comes to mutant resistance. That by itself is a lot more benefit to   medicine   in a single project then what 150 years of Darwin's theory has given us. "And, of course, the "features" you claim you are trying to explain can be easily explained by completely natural causes."In that case I'm really interested as to how you believe abiogenesis was accomplished (without intelligent intervention). "You are trying to prove a negative. You wish to prove that evolution cannot explain this. Fail."Sure seems like the cell is designed to me....  http://www.studiodaily.com/main/technique/tprojects/6850.html  "So, who is going to decide on the "best explanation"? A scientist? Or a theologian?"Generally it will be mostly scientists with a handful of philosophers here and there (just like with any other theory)."What criteria will be used? I know it when I see it?"Probably this one:  http://www.ideacenter.org/contentmgr/showdetails.php  /id/1203"Some nonsense about "irreducible complexity" or "specified information"? LOL."Those do play a role, but it really depends on the feature in question. 