#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
Yes, I understand we didn't evolve from chimps from the position of   evolution   theory - and I'm sorry for saying it that way considering I truly don't want to encourage the misinformation and typical uninformed view. You never addressed any of the sea anemone info.. my point is - if we have a 'common ancestor' the more we look at the info.. the only common ancestor we could have is an amoeba - and we would have lost common ancestry at that point.  Why? Because of the cambrian explosion - which shows that at one moment (5 million years or so) nearly every phylum appeared.'Geologically speaking, 5 million years represents a mere 0.11 percent of Earth’shistory. As Chinese paleontologist Jun-Yuan Chen has explained, “compared with the 3-plus-billion-year history of life on earth, the period [of the explosion] can be likened to one minute in 24 hours of one day.''''Cambrian rocks display about half (or more) of the basic body plans or architectural designs of theanimal kingdom.''''Representatives of nineteen of the forty known animal phyla definitely make their first appearance in the fossil record during the Cambrian explosion. Three phyla appear in the Precambrian. Six animal phyla first appear in the fossil record after the Cambrian period, and twelve more are notrepresented in the fossil record.'' and my sidenote:  Keep in mind that the six phyla that appear 'after' the cambrian could always be moved earlier in the record if we find earlier examples... This is the failure of fossils. - for example.. if I find a cat skeleton in the earth... It only tells me that they existed in this form at that time... it doesn't tell me that they didn't exist in that form EARLIER in the record..  Though we have found that roughly half of the phyla and many subphyla first appeared in the cambrian - that doesn't rule out that all of the phyla could with further research be proven to appear in this 5 million year period.  A mere 6 phyla are currently shown to not...this concept is also stated in the paper as:'many paleontologists think that almost all of these additional eighteen phyla may well have originated during the Cambrian explosion. As Valentine, Jablonski, and Erwin argue, “All livingphyla may have originated by the end of the [Cambrian] explosion.”There are no transitional fossils leading up to these phylum -  a slightly exaggerated time line might appear like this:3 billion + years --) singe cell lifeforms / agae 530 million years ago --) possibly every other family of animal and plant.But this is only the original family... right? These creatures were possibly just very simple forms - so what's it matter?.... not at all.  Let's take the example of Haikouella lancelota According to Chen and his colleagues, Haikouella has many of the same features of the Yunnanozoon lividum, as well as several additional anatomical features including a “heart, ventraland dorsal aorta, an anterior branchial arterial, gill filaments, a caudal projection, a neural cord with a relatively large brain, a head with possible lateral eyes, and a ventrally situated buccal cavity with short tentacles.”Many of these phyla were in the same form as they are now seen.. in other words - they appear in the record.. with no transition up - and make no further adaptations.  Many like Haikouella are extinct.This does not support evolution.. it supports some form of scientifically unexplainable creation - it implies drastic immediate change that brings about every animal and plant family.. with no sign of transition - and then relatively low amounts of change afterward.  the only thing left that disagrees with creation is the time line - which I feel is questionable due to the methods of extrapolation since it is built on assumptions.