#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"If the institution in question does not feel that ID is a valid line of inquiry then I don't see why it would give tenure to people who subscribe to the theory."So you've now retracted from the view that ID'ers are perfectly free to conduct research, publish papers, etc. "Was he given that   money   to start and ID lab? If not then I imagine that his backers would have been upset when they found that he was using the money given to him for a different purpose."Marks had started numerous other labs prior to that and he never had to ask permission to start any of them. Once he started one that was related to ID the pattern changed. Thus I think we can agree there is a strong anti-ID bias in academia. "In a scientifically demonstrable fashion yes."Define "scientifically demonstrable fashion" first please. "The nature and origin of the designer, the purpose of the design, the current location of the designer, the mechanism by which the designer acted, the process by which design decisions were made and the reasons behind specific design choices."None of which even have anything to do with ID. It would be like saying Evolution has plenty of holes because it cannot explain the origin of matter. "Talk about how purposes for what what was once though to be junk DNA... followed by arguments about how ID has been misrepresented.... I'm not sure what predictions it's making."It was spelled out pretty clear, but here's a shorter dumbed-down version just in case...  http://www.uncommondescent.com/faq  /#nopred"By what mechanism does the designer make these changes? Why can't we look at past design decisions and then determine an overall pattern from which we can then determine the next design choice?"By what reasoning is this even relevant?"Why did the agency intervene? Where did that agency originate? How did that agency create life?"See the above point."long chains of self replicating proteins? proto-cells?"I can recall back in my early high school biology class that life (generally speaking, since sterile   animals   could be a potential exception) had the following characteristics:1. One cell 2. Growth stages 3. Need for nutrients 4. adaptability to   environment   5. Reproductive capabilities. Anything wrong with the above criteria?