#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--Hghlander--This is false and misleading. ID does not attempt to fill gaps in science, it looks at the same evidence produced by science (eg, the mechanics of molecular biology) and draws an inference different from folks like PvM. ---While many unfamiliar with ID may believe this to be the case, and indeed, the Discovery Institute has done a good job confusing its followers, it is important to realize that this is exactly how ID works.I am sure that Highlander is familiar with the foundational works of Behe and Dembski, both rely on the absence of science being able to explain a particular feature to infer 'design'. --Highlander-- ID sees a complex system which contains inter-dependent parts, assembled in a highly specific way, does the math on probability this arrangement could arise by chance and concludes the system is designed. Period. No god, no gap filling.---That is incorrect as well, in fact in ID speak, complex means 'lacking scientific explanations', nothing more, nothing less. From this, ID conflates the meaning of complexity with what one has come to understand as complexity in science, which is not the same as how ID 'defines' it. Sneaky eh..But I can understand the levels of confusion. For instance, Highlander asserts that ID calculates the probability that something was designed by chance and then concludes 'design'. While this description only superficially matches the design inference, it shows the gap filling of "not chance thus design", nothing more, nothing less. Of course, ID has not done any non trivial calculations of probabilities and worse, it does not have to reject chance alone, which is often the simplest and still intractable calculation, but it also has to exclude regularity pathways. And yet, ask yourself, what calculations exist for the bacterial flagellum or any non trivial biological system?None I tell you. Surprised? I bet. This is but one reason ID has remained scientifically without content.--Highlander--I invite PvM to cite any leading ID theorist filling gaps in scientific knowledge with ID, as claimed above. Just one.---Dembski, Behe come to mind.Glad you asked. Many ID proponents are only vaguely familiar with ID.