#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
  Rob Crowther Claims: According to the theory of intelligent design, certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection. This is a somewhat meaningless position, as it provides no methods to determine the how and thus cannot make a claim that it is best explained by an intelligent cause. In fact, when looking at how ID defines its approaches, it quickly becomes clear that ID lacks any positive explanation and thus lacks the support for the hypothesis that ID "best explain[s]".Furthermore, natural selection is not an undirected process, in fact, it is in many ways not dissimilar from 'intelligent selection', hence Darwin's appeal to breeders in furthering his argument. In both cases, choices are made and the future generation's genetic make-up changes under the processes of heritable variation and selection (whether natural or 'intelligent'). As such, without further explanations, ID has an interesting thesis but provides no way of resolving let alone providing a 'better explanation' to evolutionary theory which contains but is not limited to "natural selection".So does ID have a "better explanation"? Ask yourself, how does ID propose to detect 'design', how does it propose to 'infer a designer' and how does their approach hold up in reality?1. It proposes to detect design through elimination of processes of chance or regularity. Remember that the definition of Design is the "set theoretic complement of the disjunction chance or regularity". While chance may need no further explanation, regularity refers to a law like process. What is important to notice is that ID is not clear if it includes 'stochastic processes' since such processes typically contain both a regularity component and a chance component (also known as noise where noise is a concept which includes 'unknown processes').This means that in order to infer 'design' ID needs to eliminate any and all known and unknown processes of chance or (and?) regularity, not a very easy task and in fact, Dembski argues that the design inference is "useless" if it includes false positives. Yet, we all know from history that design inferences have been inherently unreliable in cases of the "supernatural". So what is going on here? In case of the supernatural, we have no ways to constrain the designer and thus it can explain anything and in the end explains nothing. To understand this, realize that "a magic pink unicorn created life last thursday" is under such rules a plausible scenario and yet... So if we cannot constrain the explanation, ID cannot even venture to compete with our ignorance, which is basically the position when all known processes of chance or (and?) regularity have been eliminated. And yet, evolutionary theory, which deals in positive explanations does have a way to render itself as a best explanation because it can in fact compete with "we don't know" since it proposes positive hypotheses. ID however is not in the business of providing any explanations. And here we often see a 'bait and switch' approach in which ID argues that since 'intelligent design' can be successfully detected in such historical sciences as criminology and archaeology, it therefor must be the case that it can also be extended to include the "supernatural" or "rarefied" variant of design. This is however a misleading suggestion since in case of historical sciences, one does not rely on a fully eliminative approach and then conclude, well, we don't know how to explain this, thus design. In fact, in for instance criminology we deal with concepts of means, motives, opportunity, alibis, physical evidence, circumstantial evidence, eye witnesses etc to create a case "beyond credible doubt", in other words, a competing hypothesis. 