#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"The random comes in when particles of RNA that came out of the primordial ooze aligned by chance in such a way to produce a single-celled organism."By the nature of their physical makeup RNA will reproduce, given the right   chemicals   near by.Experiments indicate that there were several stages between the original replicator molecules and the first cell, proto-cellular life that was able to replicate."The chances of that occuring randomly are absurdly small."Yes, in a sense.  But just because the chance is very very small does not mean that it is impossible.  It only takes one replicator molecule to start the entire process, and given the number of molecules that would have been swirling around in the ancient earths oceans it is quite possible that somewhere a replicator will form... If I roll one dice the chance of a six coming up is 1 in 6... but if I roll a thousand dice the chance that at least one will be a six is rather good."Atheists are no less violent than the religious."True... but how does that old saying go... "With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes   religion  .""The perception of knowledge is scary because it rules out new information. If you think or believe that something is true, you will be willing to   change   what you think/believe in light of new evidence. How can you change what you know?"That is why Science is so important.  We have to be able to test our ideas."If we know the Earth is flat, how can it be round?"The question, Scientifically speaking, is how do we know that the Earth is flat?  What tests can you run to show that the earth is flat?"If we know there is no god, how can there be a designer?"As stated above... Scientifically speaking how can we show that there is a god?Your question also presumes that there is a designer... which has not been show in a Scientifically testable manner.