#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
-- Jay --Intelligent design (ID) has scientific merit in paleontology because in many instances, it can be applied to the fossil record to detect where design has occurred in the history of life by finding the rapid introduction of large amounts of complex and specified information (CSI).(2) (CSI was described in greater detail in my first opening statement.)---First of all, no such calculations have ever been applied so it is at best a promissory note. Worse, CSI is not even a reliable detector of 'design' as it cannot preclude natural processes. Worse of course is that even if CSI could be calculated, it would have no relevance as it provides us with no explanations, no mechanisms, nothing. At best, a minor mystery for science to unravel.What is fascinating to me is how Jay continues to quote mine Darwin and misrepresent the science when it comes for instance to intermediates. Worse, he continues a fine tradition of quote mining Gould. And then he claims that Gould somehow changed his position. While rhetorically understandable, I find it hard to understand why such arguments are made since they not only are trivially shown to be wrong or misleading. But lacking science of their own, what other choices are there for ID proponents?Now it can be at least partially excused by observing that Jay is not a biologist and thus he may have failed to appreciate Gould's statements which are not contradictory. According to the DI's website, Richard is--Jay Wesley Richards has a Ph.D.(honors) in philosophy and theology from Princeton Theological Seminary, where he was formerly a Teaching Fellow.--I am sure that his theological backgrounds have found a good home with the center of Intelligent Design, the Discovery Institute. One may ask oneself what theology and philosophy have to contribute to the scientific status of ID. On the other hand, given that ID is scientifically without content, the theological angle may be more promising? Of course, even there ID has countered much opposition from Christians.But perhaps Jay can help us understand how ID explains these observations? Was a God involved in all these species transitionals, although he was less involved in transitions between higher groups? How was such achieved? Why are species still following the expected nested hierarchies? Is the creator restricted in how he can create? Surely such questions seem perhaps more appropriate for a theology PhD to address?