#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"What do Catcher in the Rye, the Mona Lisa, Mount Rushmore, and a love note etched on a sandy beach have in common? They are all signs of design. That is, they all reflect the work of an intelligent agent."And, of course, we know that these were created by human agents and we have thousands of years of experience with those human agents.  So what?"intelligent agents sometimes leave traces of their activity behind, like fingerprints on evidence."Like termite mounds or crystals or tree limbs shaped like letters of the alphabet?  Oops, sometimes such things are not the result of "intelligent agents" like humans.  So if you cannot be more specific about the nature of your supposed "intelligent agent", there is no good reason to suspect that any such thing actually exists.  There are no "fingerprints" and there is no "evidence"."there are signs of design in nature"Maybe there are signs of APPARENT design in nature.  But there's no evidence that there was a real designer, so the apparent design might just be meaningless as far as "intelligent design" is concerned."Design theorists, like forensic detectives, have developed methods ..."Except that their "methods" are not at all like "forensic detectives" and their methods don't actually work in practice.  Their "method" amounts to "I don't think anything but design can explain this."  That's not a "method" - that's wishful thinking based on their religious motivation."... and arguments"which are not worth the electrons being used to display them."When Michael Behe argues that design is the best explanation for molecular machines like the bacterial flagellum,"Then he is making a big mistake since that is obviously not the best explanation (or even any explanation at all).  Possible paths for the evolution of the flagellum are well known."you can often tell that something is designed even if you don’t know anything else about the designer"ANYTHING ELSE???  Or not anything at all???  You're just "blowing smoke".  This is not any kind of "theory".  Same old "I know design when I see it" nonsense."Now we’re dealing with design far beyond the pay grade of your average space alien."I have to assume that you are an expert on this particular assertion because you are or have met a large variety of space aliens???  Or else you're just continuing to "make it up as you go along"."theism seems to have the most explanatory power."Of course - an omnipotent, omniscient, eternal supernatural agent can make, do, create, cause anything and everything.  So that "explains" everything and there's no need for silly science to look for "naturalistic" causes and effects.  Wait!  I thought you were claiming that ID was NOT trying to get your god into the public square?"That is why ID can be properly considered in public scientific discussions"Nope.  ID is not a theory and it can never be science and therefore it is properly rejected in scientific discussions.Just what is the "ID theory"?  If it can easily explain everything, how can it be tested?  Is there any way that it could possibly be found to be wrong?  If everything is design and design explains everything, then it's a completely circular argument.  Did it predict where to find tiktaalik?