#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--SChen--Finally, to claim that ID has no secular purposes that are not shams is quite a claim to make. You have, by making his claim, accepted the responsibility to find every possibly secular purpose of ID and demostrate with little doubt why it is a sham.---Not really, one has but to look at what ID claims the so called secular purposes of ID are, they all center around the fallacious belief  that ID is a scientifically relevant concept. Sure, DI can dream up yet another purpose, and they have "academic freedom" and when such purposes surface they can be quickly put to rest. Remember that the law is not interested in what ID could possibly be, but rather what it is argued to be. Sure, ID could have a yet to be uncovered valid secular purpose, but so far the ones proposed where all shown to be without merit.--Judge JonesAny asserted secular purposes by the Board are a sham and are merely secondary to a religious objective. McCreary, 125 S. Ct. at 2735; accord, e.g., Santa Fe, 530 U.S. at 308 (“it is . . . the duty of the courts to ‘distinguish a sham secular purpose from a sincere one.’” (citation omitted)); Edwards, 482 U.S. at 586-87 (“While the Court is normally deferential to a State’s articulation of a secular purpose, it is required that the statement of such purpose be sincere and not a sham.”). Defendants’ previously referenced flagrant and insulting falsehoods to the Court provide sufficient and compelling evidence for us to deduce that any allegedly secular purposes that have been offered in support of the ID Policy are equally insincere.Accordingly, we find that the secular purposes claimed by the Board amount to a pretext for the Board’s real purpose, which was to promote religion in the public school classroom, in violation of the Establishment Clause.---And the judge put to rest any hope that ID may have some scientific relevance that is not a sham    http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/dover/kitzmiller_v_dover_decision2.html    #p121The Discovery Institute proposed, in their amicus filings, several reasons why ID has a valid secular purpose, none withstood the scrutiny of law.