#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
   http://www.citebase.org/abstract?id=oai   :arXiv.org:astro-ph/0507186Which link to such papers as the following which show that the mystery has not been resolved yet.--To explore the origin of these features, including possible foreground effects, we repeated many calculations using sky-masked data sets. The data shows evidence for systematic differences between the Northern and Southern regions of the sky. Masking out the galactic plane does not eliminate signals of anisotropy seen in the full sky studies. As consistency checks, the anisotropies of CMB plus simulated synchrotron emission contamination from the plane of the galaxy are detected by our methods in just the spatial regions where they are simulated. The observed anisotropies cannot readily be explained away by appealing to galactic foreground contamination. --Testing Isotropy of Cosmic Microwave Background RadiationAuthors: Samal, Pramoda Kumar; Saha, Rajib; Jain, Pankaj; Ralston, John P.MNRAS, 385, 1718-1728 (2008)and--Recent analyses of the WMAP data seem to indicate the possible presence of large-angle anisotropy in the Universe. If confirmed, these can have important consequences for our understanding of the Universe. A number of attempts have recently been made to establish the reality and nature of such anisotropies in the CMB data. Among these is a directional indicator recently proposed by the authors. A distinctive feature of this indicator is that it can be used to generate a sky map of the large-scale anisotropies of the CMB maps. Applying this indicator to full-sky temperature maps we found a statistically significant preferred direction. The full-sky maps used in these analyses are known to have residual foreground contamination as well as complicated noise properties. Thus, here we performed the same analysis for a map where regions with high foreground contamination were removed. We find that the main feature of the full-sky analysis, namely the presence of a significant axis of asymmetry, is robust with respect to this masking procedure. Other subtler anomalies of the full-sky are on the other hand no longer present. --So far I have seen few data that suggests that the data show that the earth is at the 'center' of the universe. A note on the large-angle anisotropies in the WMAP cut-sky mapsAuthors: Bernui, A.; Mota, B.; Reboucas, M. J.; Tavakol, R.Int.. J. Mod. Phys. D16 (2007) 411-420