#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"How do we observe   evolution   occurring? I do not see one creature evolving into another one."True, we have not been observing long enough to see species change into other ones.  However we can observe small changes as species adapt.  Projected over the geological time scale those tiny changes   add   up to new species."How do you explain that the fossil record lacks intermediate lifeforms and only shows major transitions of organisms. "the fossil record is littered with transitional species... though, due to the random nature of fossilization, there will never be a perfectly complete fossil record."Where did the "500 million years" of time dissapear to that evolutionists call the Great Uncomformity?"That's a geological oddity that appears in North America, it is not found throughout the world.  Even then it is not a constant absence... in some places it goes from 500M to 1.7B, and in others (like the grand canyon) it goes from 250M to 1.2B."What specific pieces of the fossil record prove that there were changes in lifeforms separated by time?"Dating the levels it can be seen that specific creatures only existed at specific times... We don't see Dimetrodon remains mixed in with early Homid remains.  These creatures are separated by millions of years."You said that the creationist origin of the Grand Canyon is "flimsy," but what specific parts to you beleive are flimsy and what assumptions are you referring to?"The idea of a global flood?"You said complexity does not require intelligence. What does it require? According to evolution it only requires random chemical reactions. By the way, in no   science   lab in the entire world has it been proven that chemical reactions can create life. "Evolution is more then just random chemical reactions.  Those reactions are part of a chain reaction that leads to further reactions.  It is not throwing a handful of dice on the table over and over waiting for all sixes to show up, it is throwing a handful of dice down... picking up those that did not come up six, and repeating until you get all sixes.  Though we have not created life in a lab yet we are close... RNA is self assembling under the right   conditions  , and the lipids that make up cell walls form microscopic bubbles (empty cells if you would) when placed in water."Finally,This is toatlly out of curiosity, but what compelled you to decide to believe in the theory of evolution? "I don't believe in Evolution... it is a theory.  I see the evidence and agree that it is, currently, the best explanation for what we see around us.  I was in no way 'compelled'... I've read the books and seen the rocks laid out and it all follows rather nicely.