#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
So TJ10, you seem to have made quite a few 'foolish arguments', how familiar are you with Augustine?TJ:  Well I know that he believed the earth was created instantaneously, not progressively, and was, according to Scripture, less than 6,000 years old.  I disagree with the instant creation view.  He was a bit allegorical in his interpretation of Scripture.  Here is what he said:Augustine: ‘Let us, then, omit the conjectures of men who know not what they say, when they speak of the nature and origin of the human race. … They are deceived, too, by those highly mendacious documents which profess to give the history of many thousand years, though, reckoning by the sacred writings, we find that not 6000 years have yet passed.’ Augustine, Of the Falseness of the History Which Allots Many Thousand Years to the World’s Past, De Civitate Dei (The City of God), 12(10).Wise words we Christians should remember.He may not have held to a literal interpretation of 6 days, but he certainly didn't except the idea of the earth being "thousands of years old" as is clear from that quote right there.  His uncertainty about the length of the creation days was not an acceptance of evolutionary ideas at all or even the time frame of evolution.   He simply couldn't fathom why God would take 6 whole days to create the world when He could have done it instantaneously. Your quote:"Now, it is a disgraceful and dangerous thing for an infidel to hear a Christian, presumably giving the meaning of Holy Scripture, talking nonsense on these topics; and we should take all means to prevent such an embarrassing situation, in which people show up vast ignorance in a Christian and laugh it to scorn. ... If they find a Christian mistaken in a field which they themselves know well and hear him maintaining his foolish opinions about our books, how are they going to believe those books in matters concerning the resurrection of the dead, the hope of eternal life, and the kingdom of heaven, when they think their pages are full of falsehoods and on facts which they themselves have learnt from experience and the light of reason?"I understand what he is saying, but for this to be valid, the unbeliever has to accurate in the things he claims to know. and be an expert in.  Just because neo-darwinism is the currently accepted theory by most scientists and many so-called experts believe it, does not make it true.  They are not the determiners of truth as I'm sure you would agree.  They could be wrong and in fact, that is what so many scientists are beginning to realize.  Their views just don't fit the facts.  You wouldn't want us to go against the Word of God just to try and win over these guys to Christianity would you?  If you give way to the very foundations of the faith, they have won the battle in the long run.  There is no reason for them ever to even consider Christianity if their theory is right.  I think it is better to show them a different interpretation of the same evidence that they interpret through their Darwinian glasses.  Once they take off their glasses and look at things a bit more objectively, they may see the light.  Many have. If evolution is as certain as they would have us think, then I think this whole ID issue is a great opportunity for them.  If they play their had properly, they could show their stuff to the public and settle the issue once and for all.  The reason they do not do this is what I wonder....tj