#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Or that evolution is a process involving randomness and natural selection. Has that been tested?--For the purposes of this post, I am going to assume that you are not challenging randomness in the statistical sense.In the most strict sense, evolution is the change of allele frequencies in a population over time.  Natural selection is the scientific principle that favorable inherited traits (alleles) become more common in populations over time.  I have only been skimming these posts, so I am not certain how much of Darwinian biology you agree with, such as basic population genetics principles or biochemistry.  Assuming you do agree with most of it and are solely arguing about the ontological facets of it, then above question is quickly answered.  If you have a neutral trait (i.e. one with no demonstrable effect upon evolutionary fitness) then the frequency of alleles in a population will fluctuate in a random manner.  Now, using this as a baseline, testing natural selection is quite simple.  Say the aforementioned alleles exists a population of yeast cells.  These alleles all currently code for proteins that do nothing.  These proteins catalyze no reactions, they provide no structural support, they merely exist and the cells transcriptional and translation machinery pumps out a useless protein.  Now, a point mutation arises in one of the alleles and the protein encoded by that allele can now digest a certain disaccharide which we will call A.  Prior to this there was no other allele at any location on any other chromosome in any of the yeast cells in the population that coded for an enzyme which could catalyze A.  At this point you could test natural selection (that favorable inherited traits become more common over time) by observing the change in allele frequencies after the yeast cells are plated upon a culture where A is the only type of molecule available for cellular energy.  Following plating, measure the change in allele frequencies.  If the frequencies change so that the A-digesting protein/allele is the only remaining allele, then natural selection as a concept clearly seems correct.  Keep repeating until you've made yourself happy that there is no other outcome.