#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
“So what, using   intelligent design   , is the purpose of the appendix?”ID simply predicted that the appendix would have a function.  The degree of specificity in our predictions concerning what an intelligence will or will not do is limited due to intelligent agents having freedom in their creation.  For example, we can predict that Tom Cruise’s next movie will be an action flick, but we cannot predict the plot of the movie before he agrees to a part.“Where does evolutionary theory say that it will be slow or gradual? Evolution has been observed to act very quickly, sometimes over the course of decades.”It is true that evolution (  change   over time) has been observed to act quickly, but the theory of evolution has from day one predicted that this change has always occurred step-by-step.  The first time this prediction was made using the theory of evolution was in the Origin of Species.  However, the Cambrian Explosion demonstrated this prediction to be false even before random natural processes wrote the Origin of Species.“Specified complexity? Can you qualify that further?”Specified complexity describes any sort of pattern.  Some patterns are specific but not complex (eg., gtgtgtgtg).  Some patterns are complex but not specific (eg., ctaagtcg).  Some patterns are both specific and complex (eg., gattaca).“Like the bacteria flagellum...”Exactly.  Ken Miller has claimed to have tested a supposedly untestable claim, a claim that is supposedly religious and has nothing to do with   science  .“You mean the Lenski long term evolution experiment?...”The Lenski study did not show e. coli changing into a different species of bacteria.  They began as e. coli and ended as e. coli.  Even if e. coli did change into a different species, the study would not justify inferring that all life changes into new species via non-intelligent processes.Concerning the paper published in Science, the author claimed that ID is untestable immediately after claiming that it had been tested and refuted.  This contradiction was ignored by the reviewers and editor of the journal.  “Can you show one recorded demonstration of intelligent design in action? One scientific study that would show the manipulation of a designer?”I could remind you of many examples of homo sapiens intelligently altering organisms, but I cannot show you a non-homo sapien live and in-person designing anything.   Intelligent Design is inferred from the evidence, much like the intelligent design of pyramids is inferred from the evidence even though no one can actually show me Egyptians building them thousands of years ago.  Unobserved entities are allowed in science, such as dark matter/  energy  .