#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"Why should God be directly implicated when it looks like a duck, smells like a duck, walks like a duck..."Because it isn't, that's why. This "duck" you speak of could use more elaboration, can you find any words in the early pandas drafts which pertain to the idea that ID specifically requires supernatural causation?"Of course, God has been removed slowly, in a gradual manner and similarly creationism has become design, without much of any changes to the underlying arguments and foundations."That wasn't necessary, "God" was never present in the early drafts as being the primary source of design. You seem to be admitting this already. The arguments and foundations between creationism and ID are nowhere near the same; ID does not depend on any of the following premises: 1. Sudden creation of the universe from nothing 2. Literal six day creation 3. 10,000 year old earth 4. A global catastrophic flood (and flood geology) 5. Using the bible or any sacred text to form their conclusions"The content of Pandas, published by a religious organization..." So it's not that the early drafts are religious but the fact that religious groups are open to ID that meant it was "repackaged creationism?" Oh wait..."...helps connecting the dots, via the Edwards ruling which caused a global search and replace of religious terminology."What religious terminology? I've asked several times now for you to find passages that state that the supernatural is required for ID. Is this just a tough pill to swallow?"The motivations, the arguments are all standard creationist material. Hard for a court to ignore." Ok, let's try this again until you satisfy this challenge:In the early drafts of pandas and people, find a passage which uses one of the following premises as a foundation for ID- 1. Sudden creation of the universe from nothing 2. Literal six day creation 3. 10,000 year old earth 4. A global catastrophic flood (and flood geology) 5. Using the bible or any sacred text to form conclusions 6. Use of god or supernatural as the primary explanation."While God has been mostly removed from these books,..." Oh come on PvM, you yourself seem to be facing the fact that god never even was used in those early drafts as the way to explain life."how else to introduce them into public schools, the attempt to provide them with a scientific foundation has failed in Edwards and now in Dover v Kitzmiller."Any passages which directly implicate god or the supernatural? Any at all? I'll give you as much time as you need to fulfill my challenge."All because there exists a well established trail of evidence linking them all together."Let me help you PvM, you will not win the public over by making the same claims again and again while failing to provide proof to back them up. This trail of evidence must have suffered some serious overgrowth huh? ;D