#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
Look at it like this.... first off, words are metaphors - they are symbols of an object.. some more exact than others.  From this starting point we can see that language always only approximates an idea.. language is not math.From here we can see that the Bible already is going to not have any sort of 100% exact meaning.. because language itself is always open to interpretation.  Intent can NOT be 100% verified... it's simply not possible.  Any line I write is up to individual interpretation -- it's unavoidable.When the Bible says the inhabitants of the earth are to God like grasshoppers... well, that is a metaphor - and yes, the Bible is full of them.  Does that mean it isn't true? Not at all.. but the poetic nature of the statement is unavoidable.This problem of language, it's nature, is part of why we debate like this... It's semantics.. When I said a 'full understanding' of the Bible is necessary.... it suffers from the same problems any statement made in a verbal language does - it suffers from not being 'completely correct'.  You can't technically have a 'full understanding' of anything... No one has a full understanding of chemistry.. or even english.. or even gravity. - Your questioning of my phrase 'full understanding' gives a perfect example of the problems with interpreting the Bible or any book.   Language is faulty.. there is no 'true' definition for any word.... especially since it is only defined by other words - which in turn are defined by other words......Given this concept we can see that the meaning of anything isn't precise - and the Bible will always be the subject of interpretation.  Parables and the like can be considered literally 'true' but yet metaphors.  If I say that stars are like pin pricks in the curtain of night... the statement is true - but entirely metaphor... and given another viewpoint one could say false as well - -since one could argue they are nothing 'like' pin-pricks in a curtain.Do you see my point?  People can see the Bible as literally true - and still understand it is full of metaphors.  The question remains.. which are true metaphors.. and which are meant without poetics.By reading the Bible for understanding it helps you determine which parts are meant in a poetic sense and which is meant as metaphor.  Can anyone insist that they are correct in their interpretation? nope.  But with study.. people tend to have better understanding - that's all I mean.Can someone 'prove' the Bible means a literal 6 day creation.. nope.  like all of language.. it's up to opinion.  I stated my opinion.. that it appears a literal 6 days was the intent - I cited the repetitive use of the words 'evening and morning' as one reason for my opinion - but it's still opinion and cannot be 'proven'.And as far as your question about what merit the Bible has to non-Christians.... well obviously little - else they would be Christians =)