#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Evolution
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
Wow...where to start?First, there is no such thing as an "evolutionist". Evolution is not a religion or belief system, but instead a well tested theory backed up by evidence in many scientific fields such as geology, embryology, genetics, and other fields of biology. A more accurate term to use would be scientist because over 99% of scientists agree with evolution. But hey, what do they know?I will talk about the evidence for evolution later but first allow me to answer some of your questions:Then why is the top of Mt Everest covered in fossilized clams?That's simple. The surface of the earth is covered by large masses of land known as tectonic plates. There are two types of tectonic plates, oceanic and continental. When two continental plates collide, mountains form. In this case, the Indian subcontinent collided with the Eurasian Plate forming the Himalayas. In fact this collision is still occurring and Mt. Everest is rising a few inches each year. What does this have to do with fossilized clams? At one point during earth's history, the rocks that currently make up the Himalayas were underwater and during this time the clams would have been fossilized. The mountains were raised later. In addition, if you are trying to say that these clams are evidence of the biblical flood (if you are not please correct me), then you should know that fossilization of the type witnessed on the top of Mt. Everest could not have happened in a short amount of time. They would have to have been covered for thousands of years. Didn't the flood supposedly only last 40 days?Why have sets of human footprints have been found on top and next to dinosaur footprints?Short answer: They haven'tLong Answer: Although creationists originally claimed that "man-tracks" appeared with dinosaur prints near in Glen Rose Texas, these assertions were later proven to be false. The supposed human footprints were in fact shown to be dinosaur footprints that had been eroded, natural features, and some doctored and carved specimens.Why are there so many "fossil graveyards" (the result of swirling water eddies)?Could you be more specific? I have never heard the term fossil graveyard, and I fail to see how this could possibly point to "swirling water eddies."Why did the earth have to be created instantaneously (www.halos.com)?This theory was thought up by Robert Gentry, who based his conclusion on what he called "halos" found in certain primordial rocks. Gentry is a physicist not a geologist however, so his method of observations, and the conclusions he comes to are flawed. You might as well ask a plumber to falsify string theory. The problems with his research are numerous, but for the sake of brevity I will give you the basic reasons why he's wrong. - The rocks he was examining were not part of the primordial crust of earth, but instead much younger, and therefore not reflective of earth's formation. -He does not show that polonium is the only possible cause of the "halos." In fact, other scientists who reviewed his work have determined that Uranium (which decays much more slowly) is the real cause. This is because the rings were most common in areas that were Uranium rich. If the cause had been Polonium, this would not have been the case. -Gentry attempts to rationalize the apparent conflict between his results and all other geological evidence for the age of earth, by proposing that decay rates have changed. There is no evidence for this, and the phenomenon is impossible according to current atomic theory. If he is right, then there is no reason that Polonium decay rates couldn't have changed as well, and therefore his entire conclusion is baseless-His theory requires at least three instances of divine intervention. Science does not deal with the supernatural.Then why have fossilized whales been found standing vertically on their tails?What does this have to do with anything? I don't know specifically what your talking about, however, if I were to speculate this could be because either rocks containing the fossils were pushed vertically by volcanic or tectonic activity, or that an underwater avalanche buried a whale vertically. Until you show me specifically what your talking about though, these are just guesses.Why are the layers of coal formations connected?Once again, I'm not sure what your talking about.Out of the billions of fruit flies/bacteria generations observed, why have they only produced after their kind?I assume by kind you mean species. If that is the case, then you are severely mistaken. There are numerous examples of observed speciation, especially among bacteria. In fact, in 1975, a strain of bacteria was found that could digest nylon. Nylon was only invented in 1935, so this was obviously an evolved trait. Fruit flys have also been observed in laboratories to evolve. In addition we see bugs evolving all the time, to become resistant to pesticides. If you want more examples of instances of observed speciation look here.Why is the age of the earth severely limited?: The moon is moving away from the earth each year, and would have been touching earth 1.3 billion years ago; long before then lunar tides would have wiped out life. Earth's spin is slowing down, so less than a million years ago it would it have been going much too fast for anything to survive (centrifugal force, 5,000 mph winds).Your figures are out of date. The whole, moon touching the earth 1.3 billion years ago, was a problem in the 1960s. Since then, newer and more accurate models of the earth-moon system put the moon a good distance away from the earth 4 billion years ago. Scientists had to take into account how shifting landmasses on earth (due to tectonic activity) had an effect on the moon's movement.Your second claim is laughable. I don't really know how to answer you other than to say that it's not true. Yesterday the temperature was one degree colder than today. Does that mean I can conclude there as an ice age less than a year ago? The earth is slowing down, but not nearly in the way that you described.Okay, now that that's over with we can talk about evidence for evolution.Out of all the claims, I've never heard any solid evidence to support themI'd say that's probably because creationist blogs don't have much information on the topic. I however do. Let's break it up into a couple catagories:FossilsScientists have been able to date fossils that are millions of years old, using numerous different techniques. What we see, when we look at the fossils we've found is a very clear representation of the evolutionary tree of life. Scientists have found literally thousands of transitional fossils, and not a single fossil has not fit within what evolution predicts. There were no mammals found during the Precambrian period, and no dinosaurs that dated less than 50 million years ago.If evolution were not true then how could you explain:1) How every dating technique used to identify the age of the fossils, turned up the same result? and how all of these results were consistent with evolutions predictions?2) How these transitional fossils exist?Observed instances of speciationAs I said earlier in the debate, we can actually see species evolving. The reason that the flu vaccine must be updated every year, is because the flu virus evolves each year. In this case, our knowledge of evolution actually saves people's lives. So you must ask yourself:3) If evolution isn't true, then why do we still see things evolving?I could go on, but this argument is already too long. If you have more questions go ahead and ask, but I'm much more interested in answers.