#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
You gave 3 claims of Intelligent Design:1) Intelligent agents sometimes leave traces of their activity behind, like fingerprints on evidence.      -  No one can argue with that.  -2) There are signs of design in nature—in the stuff biologists and physicists and astronomers study.       -  Many naturalists argue with this, but the signs of design are pretty obvious.  -Other favorite/important quotes/points:1) Design theorists are like forensic detectives.  They operate on the same principles and look for the same kinds of evidence.  So ID science should be possible.2) Notice that the focus of design arguments is on the effects themselves, not on the designer.      -  Good point!  Critics however, don't care about the truth. They just want to disqualify ID from the science arena so they try and distract people from this truth.  It is the argument, not the personal philosophy or belief of the scientist, that should be what is important.  -3) The evidence for design is the same either way - whether the designer is supernatural or human. No one would violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment by saying: “That ain’t no ordinary mountain. Somebody designed it.”    -  Pointing out design in nature does not make ID unconstitutional!  Good point.  -4) To summarize: you can often tell that something is designed even if you don’t know anything else about the designer, and regardless of the identity and metaphysical status of the designer. If you understand this, you’ve already understood more than 95% of the smartest ID critics and more than virtually every reporter who has ever written about ID.    -  I just wish the critics would honestly deal with ID instead of setting up straw men and attacking it.  From my stand point, they lose credibility when they do this, and I would think that would be true of most people.  I think they are shooting themselves in the foot when they do this.  I'm sure they fool some people, but most people aren't that dumb.  I'm always amazed at how dumb they think the average joe is.  -5) ID can be properly considered in public scientific discussions and be distinguished from arguments for God’s existence, while nevertheless have positive theological implications.     -  Critics will not grant you this point, but it is hard to argue against it.  Thanks for the good article.  There is no reason to be afraid of where the evidence leads, unless of course, you are a die-hard naturalist who doesn't like the idea that a "Designer" may really exist.  -No wonder materialists don’t like ID.    -  This is the bottom line isn't it?  -