#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
In my previous post, I discussed by the AUSCS's arguments were flawed--both factually and logically.  Here, I want to discuss the matter of teaching and discussing intelligent design and whether this is constitutional or not.So what about intelligent design and the US Constitution?  Is it too religious?  Is it scientific?  Well, I hate to break it to the scientists here, but lawyers, judges, and constitutional law scholars don't care if something is scientific.  What they do use to judge whether a statute (claimed to be religious) is constitutional or not is the Lemon Test, a test that was born out of the 1971 case Lemon v. Kurtzman.  The Lemon Test brings a three-prong test to the debate.  They are:1. The statute must have a secular purpose.2. The statute must not have the primary purpose of advancing or inhibiting any religion.3. The statute must not result in the "excessive entanglement" between government and religion.If the statute fails any one of the three prongs, it fails the test.  Let's see how teaching/discussing intelligent design in public schools stacks up.1. Secular Purpose.  Note that this calls for the statute to have a secular purpose.  It does not ban the statute from having a religious purpose, it merely requires a secular one.  Does teaching/discussing ID have a secular purpose?  It has many.  For example, discussing ID can help students expand horizons.  It teaches students to think critically.  There are many others.  I remember in the eighth grade, when we had to learn about the Moon Hoax as a part of science class.  Whether it was right or wrong, whether it was wise to teach it, is all up for debate.  But it IS constitutional to discuss it in science class.2. Advancing and Inhibiting Any Religion.  It's hard to argue that teaching or discussing intelligent design advances any one religion.  After all, every religion (except for secular humanism, which the Supreme Court ruled as a religion in Torcaso v. Watkins) subscribes to the idea that life on earth was designed.  As for inhibiting religion--to make this case, you would have to argue that teaching or discussing intelligent design resulted in a ban on teaching or discussion evolution.  I don't see that happening.  In fact, the Discovery Institute has opposed measures to remove evolution from science curricula.  ID-proponents believe that evolution needs to be taught.  In fact, ID-proponents believe that all of evolution should be taught--both strengths AND weaknesses.  That is critical analysis--which, contrary to what evolutionists may say, is quite different that teaching creationism.  (How they confuses thinking critically with teaching creationism, I don't know.)3. Excessive Entanglement.  This is a tricky matter because it is difficult to pinpoint which circumstances would dictate excessive entanglement.  However, the ACLU mentioned one possible scenario in their brief submitted to Judge Jones.  They claim that if ID was presented in class and a student asked "who was the designer?" there is nothing that prevents the teacher from saying "God."  There are a few problems with this.First, as it stands now, there is nothing that prevents the teacher from saying "God created all of you."  Of course, he or she could be fired, but you could also fire them after answer "God" to the question of who is the designer.  Second, the teacher could just as well say "we won't discuss that in class" instead of answering "God."  Again, as things stand now, there's nothing to stop a student from raising his or her hand and saying "I don't believe in evolution, I believe God made us."  If this happens, we are in the same boat.  Finally, the ACLU claims that the teachers in Dover (and across America) don't want ID in their classroom.  They claim that these teachers are evolutionists.  If this is the case--then someone please explain to me why they would answer "God" to the question "who was the designer?"  It doesn't make any sense.So in sum, no, a statute on teaching or discussing intelligent design leads to excessive entanglement between government and religion.  It engages religion less than a discussion on the reformation does in a history class.All in all, teaching or discussing intelligent design in a public school science class is not unconstitutional.  It passes all constitutional tests.  Again, it is important to remember that the question at hand is one dealing with the US Constitution.  It is a matter of law, NOT science.  The AUSCS began and ended their piece talking about ID on shaky scientific grounds.  It is no wonder they believe ID to be unconstitutional--they are using scientific methods to measure the constitution.