#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
Yes.. he knew all of that -- he knew we would fall... he knew the translations would vary.. all of the above.  Keep in mind also that some of what we are discussing is my particular viewpoint of God.. not a Catholic, Protestant... or anything like that perspective -first off, I believe in a combination of predestination and free will - that they are both one in the same.  As they say.. it was his 'plan'.  The questions of evil in the world might be difficult for you.. as well as for most people to understand... but not from my viewpoint.  Most importantly.. this life we live is the blink of an eye compared to eternity - pain and death that we perceive as so terrible.. is truly nothing but a dot on the timeline...  look back to a period of your life that was very painful - now that you are far past it.. was it that big of a deal?.. Like I said.. these things are hard for most to understand.. but it's simply a matter of viewpoint.And my point was simply.. that even in the 'inferior' translations - the meaning still is the same.And thou shalt not kill... thou shalt not   murder  . right.. you are talking about semantics - we all understand the meaning.  Those saying they don't are being deliberately difficult and willfully ignorant.. like a child pretending to not understand a parent's meaning simply so they can ignore the implications..All of us know that disciplining a child is important - spare the rod / spoil the child (which is a paraphrase of the actual verses) is an example of that lesson, which is absolutely true.  A child without   discipline   ends up being worse for it throughout his life - ( I'm a good example.. I never learned discipline and because of that I'm terribly irresponsible) These are all good rules.. Any sentence in the   bible   can be misinterpreted.. and misunderstood - yet, the fact remains that the rule itself is correct.As far as those who don't believe in the 'Christian' God... this is an endlessly exaggerated perspective - We only have a few major religions - Islam uses the bible - the jews use the bible - and so do Christians.. among the jews and islamic it's simply they don't feel that Christ was divine.. beyond that they are simply different splinters of Christianity.  Then you have the eastern religions.. which do not profess divinity - for example buddha was a man - that sat beneath a tree and was inspired.. and wrote a book of how people should live...from his deep understanding. This is not even in the same category.  There has only been one   religion   that professed divinity in the way that Christianity has..The point is - any line in the Bible or religious concept can be difficult if you come at it without understanding.. and I'm sure you could continue for pages with examples.. but that is simply misunderstanding.  If I had the inclination to explain each and every one to you... I definitely could.. but really I can't devote my life to this conversation... =)