#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Yes, God is by his nature - supernatural.  That's not an excuse.. It's a core concept.  So just by that nature some things are likely to not be measurable.. or have materialistic explanations.   Including 'where God got the   energy  ' to create the universe.  Although, possibly through   science   there may be a way to measure such a thing.. possibly it relates to dark matter.. and dark energy? But at this point I truly couldn't say.. and considering I'm not 'in the field' - I'd really have to depend on what is presented to us like most people.. and judge from the data.Many things would leave signs... often creationist's view the big bang with mixed feelings.. because in one hand it seems to confirm creation.. but also conflicts.   Even though I believe the big bang theory is flawed.. it does give an example of what I mean by signs.. - Then it comes down to comparing the biblical narrative with our scientific understanding..  To test what agrees..This is why the age of the earth and Genesis have received so much focus - although an old earth doesn't truly rule out the   bible  's authority - it does leave creationists with a genesis which is symbolic.. not literal.. You could still believe in God.. but the weight of the argument would be dramatically lessened.  Though geology feels it's an open and shut case... there are plenty of questions - if the Grand Canyon is the result of millions of years of erosion... where would the land from that erosion end up?  It doesn't appear to be there. - also why is the river that is claimed to have created it so drastically small in comparison... a catastrophic flood doesn't suffer from these types of problems.As far as the miracles of the Bible... including those of the life of Christ - these were necessary at the time for the purposes of that same 'plausible deniability' I spoke of.. it served to build God's case for believers.  I never said that God doesn't do miracles.. for that matter the reason I'm so positive of God's existence is through things which happened in my own life.  Since they are personal experiences they don't have weight with other people.. only for me.  It left nothing physical - no faces of Jesus in pancake batter.. or anything I can point to as an example.. But definitely in some cases in the past as well as currently God reveals himself in a way to some people which leaves no chance of denying..(but oddly enough.. there were those who witnessed these things that still didn't believe)  But generally speaking, parting the red sea.. and things of this nature occurred during biblical times and not now...  These things were deliberately done by God during a time period that proving them would be very difficult... yet there should be signs of them happening if we look.  To summarize.. it was necessary at one point in history for God to make himself more clearly known.. for him to take a more visibly active part in the world.What was known at that time in history is debatable.. like the earth being 'round'.  There were pockets of scholars at the time that had views on these things.. - but it's not as if they had a printing press.  Although really the point of mentioning a round world.. or a mentioning of the world hanging on nothing. (which seems to imply gravity to me... though the line is 'poetic' it is an accurate description.. it truly hangs on nothing)  but anyway.. the point of these lines is more that they do not disagree with science.. creation myths from different civilizations throughout time cannot make that claim - they often do disagree with known science .. matter of fact more often than they agree with it.