#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
“I'm hardly the authority for all the great questions in life.. and these debates make me feel as if I'm submitted as being so.. or required to be so.... That doesn't mean I don't have an answer... it just means it might not be correct... I'm flawed like everyone.”But they are the answers you have come to.  That makes the question of HOW you got to those valid in my book.  “As I already said.. the Bible is not meant to be a   science   handbook... but it does profess to being correct in every detail.. since it is divinely inspired.”Then it can be used to make accurate predictions of physical phenomena, because it is ‘correct in every detail’. “Thus it can be useful as the tool to verify God exists. One aspect of that is the reason there is an 'old' and 'new' testament... the old testament largely consisted of future predictions - such as those in Isaiah - the new testament was verification that these predictions came to pass. These are discounted by people by claiming they were written after the fact.. though I think the dead sea scrolls show otherwise –“How so?  The DSS have been dated to between 150 BCE and 70 CE… however that is using dating methods that you have already declared to be inaccurate.  How do would you verify the age of the scrolls to ensure that they are really from that time and not written ‘after the fact’.Also, what third party verifiable events were predicted in the Bible?“and I believe the Bible's teachings were written even earlier than this - and passed in verbal form even further back.”That may be, but how do you demonstrate that?  How did you, logically, come to that belief?“Also in many regards you can find on the   internet   long lists of Bible statements which were not common scientific knowledge at the time.. As is with all things.. people attack many of them on many levels... One such statement in the Bible is that the world is described as a circle..this was completely unknown at the time –“How so?  What is the verifiable age of that statement?  The circular nature of the Earth comes out quite easily when you start doing astronomy… it can be seen using very primitive tools (two wells positioned at different latitudes can be used to run rough calculations… which both the Egyptians and the Greeks did).  An interpretation of Vedic texts (from what is now India) that date to around the same time can also be interpreted as to a spherical Earth… in many ways it is clearer because it can be interpreted to indicate the sun moving around the Earth."The [sun] never really sets or rises. In that they think of him “He is setting,” having reached the end of the day, he inverts himself; thus he makes evening below, day above. Again in that they think of him “He is rising in the morning,” having reached the end of the night he inverts himself; thus he makes day below, night above. He never sets; indeed he never sets."	-Aitareya Brahmana vrs. 4.18“'It is He who sits above the circle of the Earth,And its inhabitants are like grasshoppers'”That is an observation that anyone who has stood on a high point can make… from a distance above you can see in a circle around you, and things do look smaller.  It is in no way contradictory to what anyone at that time could have understood, nor necessarily indicative of the Earth as a circle.The Earth is spherical after all, not a circle.  If the statement was translated as ‘above the sphere of the Earth’ then a case could be made.