#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"But how does the Bible self authenticate the verses about four rivers coming out of Eden? It doesn't"You must be joking. You really expect the world to look the same 6,000 years later? And after a global flood that completely altered the face of the planet  and breaking one continent into seven? But 4 rivers should still be the same? Rivers don't stay the same from one year to the next. Read Mark Twain's Life on the Mississippi."What, in general, does self authenticate mean? Does it mean "make predictions"?"No, it means that the Word of God is internally consistent, although written over a period of 4,000 years by 40 different authors. It means that God can not lie, and His Word can not contradict itself.    http://www.answersingenesis.org/articles/2008/09/29/contradictions-introduction   That doesn't mean predictions, although valid predictions can and have been made based on biblical truths. Russ Humphreys' predictions of magnetic fields of other planets is probably the biggest one."How does Genesis help oil companies find oil?"You're confusing operation science with historical science, which is based on philosophy and INTERPRETATION of evidence that exists in the present. It doesn't make ANY predictions about the past, because that's impossible. How can you make verifiable observations in the past?"Evolution helps oil companies find oil."Now you're just confused in general. What does "scientific geology" have to do with evolution? Flood geology is actually able to make better sense of the observable evidence than millions of years of slow processes. What would flood geology predict? How about billions of dead animals and plants rapidly buried under a mile of sediment laid down quickly, preserving animals in the middle of eating, or giving birth, all over the world? Plate tectonics, the single ice age, massive volcanic activity decreasing in intensity over the centuries, the same layers of sedimentary rock found on different sides of the ocean, flood sediment in Nevada transported from New England, all explained with the proper Biblical perspective, but still unexplained by secular geology. 