#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
On Pandasthumb, Nick Matzke, whose contributions to Dover v Kitzmiller were instrumental in the stunning defeat of Intelligent Design and whose contributions to exposing the fallacies in Behe''s arguments as well as the extent of ignorance of science amongst ID proponents has caused much concern amongst ID proponents, so much that in general they have chosen to pretend, in a typical creationist fashion, that Matzke's arguments do not exist. In this example, Matzke shows how Luskin's attempts to rebut the Kitzmiller decision by exposing the scientific vacuity of ID, once again backfire in light of the current state of scientific knowledge.   http://pandasthumb.org/archives/2008/09/luskin-and-the-2.html   Nick Matzke:Over on the opposingviews.com website, Casey Luskin of the DI tries to rebut the Kitzmiller decision by re-fighting Behe’s spectacular implosion on the issue of the evolution of the vertebrate immune system. To review, in his 1996 book Darwin’s Black Box, Behe claimed that:--Behe    “As scientists we yearn to understand how this magnificent mechanism came to be, but the complexity of the system dooms all Darwinian explanations to frustruation.” (Darwin’s Black Box, p. 139)    “We can look high or we can look low, in books or in journals, but the result is the same. The scientific literature has no answers to the question of the origin of the immune system.” (Darwin’s Black Box, p. 138)--(PvM: Note how these are the typical ID arguments against science, we do not know, thus designed)As the debate over “irreducible complexity” developed in the next decade, the most detailed arguments would go basically like this:--    ID: Gradual evolution by natural selection can’t produce IC structures because any structure missing a part would be nonfunctional    Evo: You are ignoring cooption of structures with different functions, which has a been a major feature of the evolutionary explanation of complex structures ever since the Origin of Species.    ID: Cooption explanations are too improbable.    Evo: Why?    ID: Because we say so.    Evo: But homology evidence shows that “IC systems” lacking parts can still have other functions, and therefore your claim that structures missing parts would be nonfunctional is wrong    ID: OK well I don’t have a comeback on that point, so instead I will claim that evolutionary cooption explanations aren’t detailed & tested enough to satisfy me.    Evo: Here’s a bunch of detailed & tested research papers on the evolution of system X.    ID: Not detailed enough. I need every single mutation & selection pressure before I admit that evolution produced this IC system rather than ID.--At this point the ID proponent has abandoned the original argument and therefore lost, even though he won’t admit it. Knowing all of this before the Kitzmiller trial, we devised ways to bring this point to the attention of the judge. The most famous example was the fabled “immune system cross”. A large amount of evidence was submitted that showed how the key feature of the vertebrate adaptive immune system, rearranging immune receptors (antibodies), evolved. Read the rest at    http://pandasthumb.org/archives/2008/09/luskin-and-the-2.html    and educate yourself on the current status of science regarding the immune system and its evolution, and compare it with how ID 'explains' said immune system ('poof'). 