#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Seems Highlander was somewhat quick in his 'response' as I am more than willing to support my claims. --Naming two well known ID proponents does not a citation make to support PvM's twisted version of ID arguments. I've asked for them repeatedly and he's dodging. What PvM still fails to understand is that probability is a measure of random outcomes. It cannot 'prove' design because it isn't a measure of agency. --I love the assertion that my version of ID is twisted, when it is based on the writings of ID proponents. Perhaps Highlander knows something we may not know?Am I dodging his 'repeated requests'? Of course not.Highlander asks for another cite--Okay PvM. Support that last one. Cite the literature which demonstrates how information and complexity are easily explained by regularity and chance. That would falsify a central proposition of ID. Since you said it would be easy, I eagerly await the citation.--As I said, this is simple and quite well known in the ID world. I guess that means that it would indeed falsify a central proposition of ID?Nuff saidTom Schneider, "evolution of biological information" Nucleic Acids Res",  vol 28(14), 2794-2799, 2000.     http://www-lecb.ncifcrf.gov    /~toms/paper/ev/blog-ev.htmlKim JT, Martinetz T, Polani D, Bioinformatic principles underlying the information content of transcription factor binding sites, J. of Theor. Biology, Volume: 220  , Issue: 4   , Pages: 529-544 , Published: FEB 21 2003   Christoph Adami, Charles Ofria and Travis C. Collier, "Evolution of biological complexity", PNAS  April 25, 2000   vol. 97  no. 9  4463-4468 --Abstract--To make a case for or against a trend in the evolution of complexity in biological evolution, complexity needs to be both rigorously defined and measurable. A recent information-theoretic (but intuitively evident) definition identifies genomic complexity with the amount of information a sequence stores about its environment. We investigate the evolution of genomic complexity in populations of digital organisms and monitor in detail the evolutionary transitions that increase complexity. We show that, because natural selection forces genomes to behave as a natural ÒMaxwell Demon,Ó within a fixed environment, genomic complexity is forced to increase.--Christoph Adami, Sequence complexity in Darwinian evolution, Complexity, Volume 8 ,  Issue 2,  Pages: 49 - 56 , 2002 --Abstract--Whether or not Darwinian evolution leads to an increase in complexity depends crucially on what we mean by the term. Physical complexity is a measure based on automata theory and information theory that turns out to be a simple and intuitive measure of the amount of information that an organism stores, in its genome, about the environment in which it evolves. It can be shown that the physical complexity of the genomes of clonal organisms must increase in evolution, if they occupy a single niche and if the environment does not change. This law of increasing complexity is a consequence of natural selection only and can be violated in co-evolving systems as well as at high mutation rates, in sexual populations, and in time-dependent landscapes. Yet, co-evolution, because it can be viewed as creating an increase in physical complexity across niches, is likely the agent of a global increase in complexity.--Richard E. Lenski, Charles Ofria, Robert T. Pennock, Christoph Adami, ""The Evolutionary Origin of Complex Features", Nature (Vol. 423, 2003, pp. 139-145)    http://myxo.css.msu.edu/papers/nature2003    /