#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
--PvM--| I am sure that Highlander is familiar with the | foundational works of Behe and Dembski, | both rely on the absence of science being | able to explain a particular feature to infer 'design'.Would that a citation exist to back this one up!  I am familiar with their works.  Not familiar with that argument, though.  I think PvM may be conflating 'science' with 'evidence supporting materialist assumptions'.   The above statement is true with this substitution.--PvM--| That is incorrect as well, in fact in ID speak, | complex means 'lacking scientific explanations', | nothing more, nothing less. From this, ID conflates | the meaning of complexity with what one has | come to understand as complexity in science, | which is not the same as how ID 'defines' it.Again, a citation would be nice.  I don't expect them considering PvM's continued conflation of 'science' with 'evidence supporting materialist assumptions'. ID does say that complexity alone isn't a sign of intelligence, but irreducible complexity is.  The criteria have been revised over the years to clarify, but the core idea is sound: A complex system with inter-dependent parts has a much higher probabilistic hurdle for spontaneous unguided assembly.   A simple analogy is the game "Mouse Trap" - if all the parts aren't in the right place, the metal ball won't reach the trigger to drop the plastic net. PvM is also confirming the falsifiability of ID with this statement.  ID proponents do say an empirical demonstration (evidence supporting materialist assumptions) of an unguided process producing such interdependent systems, while retaining over-all reproductive ability, would falsify the design inference.  Human technology, a result of intelligence, is chock full of irreducibly complex systems.  It is therefore not unreasonable to infer intelligence in biological systems absent evidence supporting materialist assumptions.--PvM--| Highlander asserts that ID calculates the probability | that something was designed by chance and then | concludes 'design'. While this description only | superficially matches the design inference, it shows | the gap filling of "not chance thus design", nothing | more, nothing less. Of course, ID has not done any | non trivial calculations of probabilities and worse, it | does not have to reject chance alone, which is often | the simplest and still intractable calculation, but it | also has to exclude regularity pathways. And yet, | ask yourself, what calculations exist for the | bacterial flagellum or any non trivial biological system?Dembski wrote a book and has a website and several papers detailing the scope of input points and explaining how and why statistical probabilities are used and calculated.  In real life they are used to distinguish/derive (designed) signals from (random) noise.PvM seems unaware randomness and design are mutually exclusive concepts.  I understand 'chance' as shorthand for that which happens as a result of unguided (random) interaction of matter according to human understanding of forces and material chemistry.  'Organized' means ordered with intent and implies intelligence   Human tech. varies in level of organizational complexity, but is wholly caused by intelligent action upon matter.  This organization (design) is inferred because the arrangement of such matter defies explanation appealing to chance.The calculations on flagellum are irrelevant, but can be derived given accurate input points - how many of each different proteins are needed?  Which components are required for it to function as needed - (ie, if the cell needs to move to survive, what functional parts are needed), how many nucleotides are needed to code the RNA template of each protein?  And so on...  The lack of evidence supporting materialist assumptions complexity is a chance arrangement means the opposite could be true.  That many of these systems look designed and that science has not (even remotely) demonstrated a chance pathway to such organization, leaves design as the logical alternative.  Until proven otherwise.