#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Evolution
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
ID does undermine evolution, because supporters of ID wish to put a sticker in every textbook that says something along the lines of: "Evolution is just a theory. It is not a fact, and has not been proven. There are other possibilities." To deny that ID is being used to undermine not only evolution, but science as a whole, is...to put it lightly a dumb thing to do. Look at the video I posted. In it you can actually see people using ID to do just that.If you or anyone else wants to believe in some guiding force, great. That's what freedom of religion is all about. No one is attacking anyone's personal beliefs. If you think that there are significant number of scientists who disagree with me, I challenge you to find me some. I would be interested in hearing their opinion.While on fallacies however, I think we should address the straw man you continue to present as your reason for defending ID. In previous debates, you said scientists were fired for "just mentioning ID." I gave you a list of people you might be referring to, and why this was not the case with each of them. You never responded to that argument, and haven't mentioned it since, so I am going to assume that you admit that you were mistaken. (If not, I would love for you to give me an example of someone who was fired for bringing up the topic.) Now, your reason for defending ID is that people (like me) get upset when the topic is brought up. Let me repeat what I said earlier. If you want to talk about philosophy or theology, I would be perfectly willing to talk about a "guiding force" that controls life. However, until you have some evidence, or even some type of realistic scenario, then we can't talk about it in a scientific way. It isn't possible. What I get angry about is when people attempt to teach ID in school. You have already agreed that it shouldn't be taught in school. I'm not even sure at this point why you're disagreeing with me.I'm just saying that things aren't ALWAYS as they seem, and no matter how hard we try, we won't be able to reason certain aspects out because our brain won't accept it.So we should fill in the gaps with "it's magic", or "God did it"? Again if you want to say this as a personal belief GREAT*. But it is better to say I don't know, and try to figure it out rationally. Usually, the results are pretty damn useful (modern medicine, airplanes, computers, etc...). But maybe that's all made up and we're just rationalizing magic. Hell, right now maybe I'm typing on a magic keyboard and my brain is rationalizing what it sees by saying that my computer is just a bunch of integrated circuits powered by a stream of electrons. I must be fucking delusional.