#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"If it cannot make predictions then it is not a viable theory. Remember that the current research into the use of the appendix was done using evolutionary models, not design models."ID did make a prediction, and the prediction was accurate.  Since the appendix was once used as evidence for evolutionary theory (  http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/vestiges/appendix.html  ), I am skeptical that evolutionary theory also found a function for the appendix.  Any theory that predicts both A and Not A is no theory at all.  So, it seems as though evolutionary theory's ability to predict both function of the appendix and non-function makes it not a theory, but merely a set of observations which themselves need explaining by a genuine scientific theory.  Oooh, I know one!!"When evidence was produced to the contrary, that   evolution   can occur suddenly, the theory was adjusted to reflect that information."I agree that theories can be revised.  Evolutionary theory needed to be revised because it was wrong, but ID need not be revised because it never made that false prediction.  ID predicts that   change   occurs at different rates.  However, a theory can be revised so much that it really isn't a theory anymore but simply a set of observations.  Natural selection can explain slow change, but how can it explain the Cambrian Explosion?  It is not enough for evolutionary theory to simply admit that this explosion occurred, but evolutionists must explain how random mutation and natural selection can produce this event.  In other words, a theory that revises it's prediction must also revise it's explanation, but the explanation offered by evolutionary theory has not been revised.  What makes me skeptical that evolutionary theory can be falsified is that evolutionists will simply revise the observational aspects of the theory whenever it is contradicted by evidence and then claim that evolutionary theory can explain that evidence when, in fact, in cannot. Convince me that the theory of evolution is falsifiable (I will play devil's advocate and argue that your examples don't refute the theory).