#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
"In fact, Behe's claim is either tautological or it is wrong."And to think that you accuse US of promoting a false dichotomy. :/"Tautological because a Darwinian mechanism can never produce 'design' since design is the set theoretic complement of the disjunction regularity or chance, in other words design can never include scientific explanations or the design disappears."So the only "scientific" explanations are ones which refer only to chance, law, or both, but not agency? Care to explain why? "But perhaps Behe means that Darwinian mechanisms cannot explain what ID proponents have come to conclude were designed."Pretty sure you can remove "perhaps" from that sentence. Behe spent the entire article explaining why he felt this was the case. He also pointed out why the excitement over the Lenski experiment should only be coming from our side. "That of course is a wrong statement because science not only can explain information and complexity, it can also explain perfectly natural pathways to irreducibly complex systems."Assuming that you're referring to materialistic science, I'm very eager to hear you explanation for how the first life emerged without resorting to any form of agency whatsoever. "In a recent change of heart, Behe has attempted, mostly based on overly simplistic arguments that   evolution   cannot explain certain specific aspects which he calls the "edge of evolution"."This is not a "change of heart," Behe has been stating for quite some time now that there are certain aspects of living systems which are beyond the reach of chance and necessity. EoE was just a more detailed explanation for where the edge lies based on data from HIV and whatnot. "Examples include a two site binding site. However, once again, Behe presents an overly simplistic strawman of evolution."See the above point. This conclusion was not based on a straw man, it was based on existing data from HIV (which has a mutation rate that some would call the evolutionary speed limit), E. coli, Malaria, etc. Doesn't seem to be any straw man there. "I find it troubling how ID scientists have to ignore scientific data and findings to support their claims and instead seem to resort to careful cherry picking of data and facts that suit their purposes."I'll drive the point again for the third time: his conclusions where based on existing data widely cited in the field of biology, if you can direct us all to experiments that show HIV, E. coli, Malaria, etc. are capable of more than what the studies he cites suggest, then it would prove he engaged in cherry picking. "An example is the malaria resistance which Behe argues must have happened in two independent steps without the possibility of intermediates when in fact the opposite is the case as papers in this area have documented."Just where on earth did he say it had to happen in two steps? I see in the book right now (hardcover) citing data for how often Malaria gains chloroquine resistance, but where'd you get the claim of a two-step change?"Others have similarly shown how Behe's claims are contradicted by the evidence. So far, ID seems to have ignored these evidences."Please show the visitors of this site just what those papers are. Give us some links at least, then I'll believe you.  