#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
“that one is from Isaiah 40:22... and is old testament.. very ancient stuff. 740-680 b.c. is commonly held. The point being.. just when in history did we learn the Earth was circular? Around 300 years later Aristotle proposed the idea in his book 'on the heavens'.. but it wasn't accepted as a given.”Yet the concept of a circular Earth is far older then that.  Indian texts dating back to 1000 BCE can be interpreted just as easily to indicate a spherical planet.''He [   god   ] hangs the Earth on nothing'But the Earth is not hung on nothing, it is tethered by the laws of gravity.first off..this is from Job - and as I recall that was old testament stuff as well -definitely B.C. - which I believe is in the dead sea scrolls as well.. at the time people had various beliefs about the Earth... whether it be it was on the backs of infinite turtles or the like... and many other views -. but the knowledge that the Earth floats in space was not known as a fact.And what of the passages that are interpreted by geocentrists about fixing the Earth in the ferment?  “The point is not that the Bible should be used as a   science   handbook - it was never intended to be so..that was never it's intended purpose.”Yet you have said that the Bible is ‘correct in every detail’ and thus that it’s description of the creation of the Earth is scientific fact.  You have even stated that the phrases about ‘  stretching  ’ are describing the accelerating universe.   Thus the Bible can be used to determine new theories as well.  After all if scientists had paid more attention to the Bible then the accelerating universe would not have been a surprise to them (remember that an accelerating universe was not among the original three outcomes of our observations regarding the expanding universe).“The point is that this 'primitive' text is consistent with science - and appears to be ahead of it's time from the things it points out, some of which would ironically be heresy at the time.”Remember that scholars of that time knew that the Earth was round (it is surprisingly easy to prove really).  Indeed the Greeks were very close to showing that the Earth revolved around the sun, put off only because they had miscalculated the size of the universe (lacking telescopes they could not correctly calculate stellar distances using parallax)“descriptions of the process of water evaporation and clouds..”Which can easily be observed by the people at that time, Aristotle himself gave crude descriptions of cloud formation processes.“it goes directly against God's purposes... as I mentioned to you before - it is necessary for God to maintain 'plausible deniability'.. a rough balance... he has to give enough evidence to support belief - yet not so much that it would make faith unnecessary”What about all the stuff in the Old Testament?  Huge tracts of that book are devoted to God explicitly existing… The Flood, Sodom and Gomorra, the Seven Plagues, the Burning Bush,   the Parting of the Red Sea.   There is no plausible deniability when you are walking across the floor of the Red Sea.“Where does God get the   energy   to do so?..You are kidding right?”No, I’m not.  Or is this a ‘God did it’ point where we cannot go any further?  Is there no possible physical explanation for this phenomenon?