#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Who the designer is has nothing to do with it and everyone knows that.And let's just say for sake of argument that there is a Creator. So if there is some kind of intelligence behind earthly life, and again, no one has disproven this as a possibility, then it would seem that the theory of evolution (where everything evolved by random chance with no goal or purpose in mind) would not stand up to the evidence.tj10--Capitalizing "Creator" in the second above paragraph invalidates the first statement.  That you capitalize the term demonstrates your veneration for it, and quite simply demonstrates why this is an argument between religion.Additionally, if this is not a fight about a creator, then why is this even worthy of discussion.  ID has never made a falsifiable prediction about biology that has been borne out experimentally and has never shown any scientific use.  Scientific thought abandons theories and notions that are not buttressed by data or logic; ID has never withstood such scrutiny.  That you continue to argue for it in spite of this shows that you have some other agenda.Regarding the rest of your post, it perpetuates the outright lie that what is not currently explained by Darwinian principles and modern biochemistry should induce the same skepticism as the glaring lack of evidence in favor of an outside creator.  At the most simple and basic level, Darwinian biology is based upon the principle that favorable inheritable traits tend to increase in frequency in a population.  Everything else (the rise of life from a primordial goo, the development of men and chimpanzees from a common ancestor, etc.) is based upon this principle and our observations of nature, living or otherwise.  This principle offers immense, and verifiable, predictive power.  Theories derived from this principle have been proven false, but not once has the basis of natural selection ever been shown to be in error.Alternately, at the most simple and basic level, ID is based upon the principle that an outside creator has shaped the course of nature's development.  This argument offers no predictions about the development or characteristics of life.  Moreover, it fails the basic scientific smell test of being falsifiable.  ID can only be declared scientific if the most basic principles of scientific inquiry are mocked.  