#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
“From here we can see that the Bible already is going to not have any sort of 100% exact meaning.. because language itself is always open to interpretation.”True, however you have stated that some verses in the Bible are literal truth and others are symbolic.  How can the literally true lines be separated from the symbolic ones?  Christian archeologists have been searching for verifiable evidence of the supernatural claims in the Bible for centuries now… and so far they have either found no clear proof, only contradictory proof.“When the Bible says the inhabitants of the earth are to God like grasshoppers... well, that is a metaphor - and yes, the Bible is full of them. Does that mean it isn't true? Not at all.. but the poetic nature of the statement is unavoidable.”Sure, but objectively many religions from that time period placed their deity in the heavens.  The same could be said for Zeus, Horus-Re, Rannma…  Why is the Bibles statements valid and their statements are false?“By reading the Bible for understanding it helps you determine which parts are meant in a poetic sense and which is meant as metaphor. Can anyone insist that they are correct in their interpretation? nope. But with study.. people tend to have better understanding - that's all I mean.”Even following study people cans still reach different meanings, which is reasonable if are not taking parts of the Bible literally.  Once you have claimed that a part of the Bible is a literal description of what has happened then anyone who tells you that that part is symbolic is verifiably wrong.  If I have a passage in a book that says “A tree grows on North Hill” and I say that there IS a tree growing on North Hill and you say it is a metaphor I can take you to North Hill and show you the tree.  Any metaphorical meanings aside the text is literal.“Can someone 'prove' the Bible means a literal 6 day creation.. nope. like all of language.. it's up to opinion. I stated my opinion.. that it appears a literal 6 days was the intent - I cited the repetitive use of the words 'evening and morning' as one reason for my opinion - but it's still opinion and cannot be 'proven'.”Except for the mountain of evidence against a literal 6 day creation… If you want to say ‘I believe that in a six day creation’ then I cannot argue with your beliefs…. Any more then I can argue with someone who claims that the queen of England is a shape-shifting lizard man from outerspace.You’ve stepped beyond that, claiming that there is evidence to back up your beliefs.  My challenge is to that evidence.And as far as your question about what merit the Bible has to non-Christians.... well obviously little - else they would be Christians =)Which represent a significant portion of the world’s population.  If it is literally true that the world was created in six days then that fact is independent of a persons belief, just like fact that the world is round and orbits the sun.