#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
The National Center for Science Education, does not, as its name implies, promote and support science education in the United States in a general sense. Instead, it is an organization that is the modern embodiment of the "Darwin's Bulldog" role that has been played by many people in groups since Darwin's hypothesis was published.NCSE does not address Michael Behe's arguments directly.  Instead, they take that position that intelligent design arguments are religiously motivated, and as such, should not be debated in the scientific realm, but in the political realm.In their second paragraph, NCSE presents a distorted definition of intelligent design. The definition that I prefer, which is available at the Discovery Institute's web-site states "The theory of intelligent design holds that certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."  There is no mention of the Christian God or any other God in this definition.  Michael Behe who is Catholic has said that the designer could very well be little green men, he doesn't know, and that identifying the designer is not the goal of ID theory and research.  In other words, this issue is a red herring.I question whether NCSE is qualified to participate in this debate. I don't think they abide by the rules of this forum, and I don't think they play fair when it comes to this topic.I can cite many examples of censorship and harrassment by this organization and its members. One that I recommend that readers look up is the story of Danny Phillips and the NCSE.In my opinion, there are many valid scientific arguments in favor of intelligent design and many that seriously challenge naturalistic evolution.  The NCSE has not interest in debating this topic on a level playing field. Instead they use ad-hominems and fear tactics to persuade you that ID proponents have a religious agenda.Is there credible scientific evidence that life was designed? Yes.Does life change over time?  Yes.How and why are the great questions of our time.  Lets have an open debate and discussion, free from groups like NCSE that don't want you to think about this.