#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
"1. Why is the earth the only planet that is sustainable for life forms?"Well the answer is that "as far as we have observed Earth is the only planet with life.  It is quite possible that life existed on Mars at some point in the past, and it is also possible that life exists on the Jovian moon Europa.  Since or exploration of other planets in the solar system has been quite limited it is far to early to discount.  As for life outside of the Solar system, or exploration there is vastly limited (we have only been able to detect planets around other stars for a short period of time)."2. Assuming you believe in the big bang theory, what caused the big bang to occur?"We don't know... yet.  The exact causes of the big bang is currently an area of great interest to Scientists who study it."3. What is the purpose of life, is it just to be and then not to be?"On what basis do you assume that life has a purpose?"4. Is this all there is in life? Bummer"In what way?  There is so much art, music, and   science   in this world to fill thousands of lifetimes.  I'd also be remiss in not pointing out that if someone is dissatisfied with their life that does not somehow prove that there is something 'more'/"5. Since people are all so different why arent we seeing planets with other types of life forms?"This doesn't make a great deal of sense.  Our exploration of the solar system is exceptionally limited, and our exploration beyond our own solar system is at it's earliest stages.  Right now Mars and Europa are seen as the most likely candidates for harboring life (either now or at some point in the past).  It is almost certain that Mars had liquid   water   at some point, so it was the right temperature for life to exist.  Europa is seen as a candidate because it is believed that there is a liquid ocean under the ice (which would provide protection against radiation), and from our own observations here on earth we know that sunlight is not needed for life."6. How do you explain archeological finds that validate Hebrew Biblical writings regarding Gd, Jesus, and then nullify it in the same sentence?"Which finds are those?  One bit that has always stood out to me is the fact that the plagues and the Exodus are not recorded in Egyptian literature... or do you think that the Egyptians did not find it memorable that the oldest son in every family was killed in one night and that their entire army was drowned under the Red Sea?"7. If the Bible is correct and one day is as a thousand to Gd is it possible that earth was formed in over a period of 6,000 years or 6 days in heaven...because as you know the farther away from earth you get the shorter time is...you did know that right?"Not quite sure what you are getting at here.  Yes time does travel slightly slower on earth then in orbit (the difference is so small that only the most accurate clocks can detect it) due to Gravitational Time Dilation.  But that effect is very small.  The difference in time between someone standing on Earth and someone outside of the solar system is only slightly greater.  This effect 'flattens out' the further you get away from earth... so someone at the 5 light year mark and someone at the 10 light year mark would not be able to detect a difference in their measurements due to the presence of Earth.Then there is the evidence that the Earth took more then six thousand years to form...