#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Here is the response to Irons, which was also published in the Montana Law Review.REBUTTAL TO IRONS (footnotes left off)By David K. DeWolf, John G. West, and Casey LuskinWe wrote a serious critique of the Kitzmiller ruling. Rather than deal with the substance of our arguments, Peter Irons responds primarily with red herrings, personal attacks, and erroneous statements. With merely 1,000 words to rebut, we highlight merely some of the problems.1. Irons tries to refute intelligent design (ID) by smear and innuendo rather than substantive argument. Pro ID scholars have published more than a decade of scholarship in reputable academic books and journals about the empirical evidence supporting design. Instead of engaging this scholarship, Irons wildly misrepresents a few blog posts and an old fundraising proposal, and uses guilt-by-association to insinuate (falsely) that Discovery Institute (DI) is run by “biblical creationist[s]” and supports “Biblical Reconstructionis[m]” and theocracy. Irons devotes pages to caricaturing the backgrounds, beliefs, and political affiliations of ID proponents, rather obviously trying to present ID as part of a nefarious conspiracy of the “Religious Right.” This is an example of what historian Richard Hofstadter called “The Paranoid Style in American Politics.”7 Irons tries to avoid debating the real issues by poisoning the well. 2. Irons misrepresents our critique of Judge Jones. Given his article, it is surprising that Irons accuses us of making ad hominem attacks against Judge Jones.8 Ad hominem arguments attack a person rather than that person’s position.9 Our article assesses Judge Jones’s analysis in light of his judicial responsibilities, but Irons’s rebuttal starts with the alleged motives and personal failings of the authors. Irons’s claim that we resort to ad hominem attacks is the height of irony.3. Irons misapplies the Lemon test. In a rare attempt to rebut our legal arguments, Irons claims Judge Jones properly determined whether ID is science because otherwise the Dover school board’s “religious motivations would have been irrelevant.” This is wrong: the Supreme Court requires the proffered secular purpose “be sincere and not a sham” and “[i]f the law was enacted for the purpose of endorsing religion, no consideration of [Lemon’s] second or third criteria is necessary.” Had Judge Jones found that ID is science, Dover’s policy would still be unconstitutional if adopted for predominately religious reasons. But Judge Jones found Dover’s proffered secular purpose was a sham, negating any need to address whether ID is science. As we noted, even anti-ID legal scholar Jay Wexler agrees Judge Jones was mistaken to rule on ID’s scientific status.4. Rewriting the history of DI’s involvement with Dover. DI opposed Dover’s policy at every stage of the process, and Irons’s contrary suggestions are false. The DI’s position in Dover was consistent with its publicly stated science education policy, and with its recommendations in Ohio in 2002 and 2004, and in Wisconsin in 2004, where DI also opposed mandates of ID. Irons’s only source for rewriting history is a statement of a Dover board member whom Judge Jones said “testified inconsistently, or lied outright under oath” and is therefore “not credible.”