#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
==TJ10==The Dover verdict was a farce.==Of course, ID lost because of a lack of evidence that ID had scientific content.TJ:  Well, that would be your take on it.  My take would be different. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree.  At least Judge Jones, if he is a trustworthy person to make such a conclusion, seemed to agree with you.  I doubt scientists would have been ready to accept the verdict of a non-scientist if it had gone against them though.==TJ10==The Judge simply copied large amounts of material word for word from the material he received from the ACLU. This was a shameful low blow? Why - if it is true?!!! His mind was made up before he even heard the case.==Nope, the ACLU submitted the findings after the trial. Sorry but your ignorance of legal procedures has caused you to make foolish arguments.TJ: Now that is very hard for me to believe given that 91% of his analysis of whether intelligent design is science was almost verbatim with the report that he had yet to receive.  Hmm.   Well, if you believe that you were created by chance, then I guess you would have no problem believing this either.  Must have been a simple coincidence I guess.==TJ10==Even the Discovery Institute was against what they were trying to do. Granted, the Dover school board had religious people on it, but that doesn't mean that their religious views mean that we can dismiss the scientific arguments that may lend support to those views.===Hence the important findings that there were no scientific argumentsTJ: Again, only valid if you trust Judge Jones, and Judge Jones is really only the ACLU in disguise because of how much he copied from them.  The ACLU is anti-religion for the most part, although, to their credit, once in a great while, they will take up the cause of a religious person.==TJ10If so, let's dismiss all the evidence that lends support to the religious views of the Darwinists as well.==Sure, let's reject God. After all many a Christian has no problem accepting the science we have come to know as evolutionary theory with a foundation laid by Charles Darwin.tj:I think you misunderstood my point.  Darwinism is as much a religion for many people as is Christianity.  Just because their worldview doesn't normally include the supernatural, does that mean their science is more valid than others with a supernatural worldview?  It shouldn't.  Basically what I'm saying is that Darwinists also have bias.  They look at everything through their faith in evolution.  Evolution is a given.  What is debatable is how it took place.  But if we don't know how it took place, how do we really know it did take place?  We don't.  They assume their theory to prove their theory.  Much of the evidence they claim supports it, is based on this kind of circular reasoning. The evidence is really a lot less convincing that you seem to think.  The whole rise of ID and continual flourishing of creationism even among respected PhDs, would seem to validate that there is controversy - that it is not yet a closed subject, even though many Darwinists would like to have us believe otherwise. I'll respond to your thoughts on Augustine in another reply.tj