#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
Casey Luskin knows how to use impressive multi-syllabic words to suggest that he's intelligent. By gosh, he almost sounds like a scientist when he says that "The form of information which reliably indicates design is generally called 'specified complexity' or 'complex and specified information,' " whatever the hell that means. Apparently, all it means is that if a process with many components (therefore "complex") behaves so as to head coherently in a single direction (therefore "specified"), then it must be the result of   intelligent design  . OK, then try this one.Get a hundred people to each throw a handfull of sand, perhaps a thousand grains per handfull (that's "complex"), at a wall. Watch to see what happens. If all of the 100,000 grains reverse direction when they hit the wall and then curve downward and end up on the floor (that's "specified"), with absolutely no communication among them, then surely they must have been guided by an intelligent designer.Ah, but Mr. Luskin would object that the analogy is irrelevant, because while there was some random component to the movement of the various grains of sand, in the final analysis they were all subject to the overriding influence of gravity, and that's why they moved in a similar way and ended up on the floor. That's true. And in the same way, the various organisms and their various organs have shown significant randomness throughout their evolution, but in the final analysis, they were all subject to the overriding influence of natural selection and the survival of the fittest. The least fit died; the most fit survived and contributed their genes to the next generation. The grains of sand all ended up on the floor without any conscious intention of going there, just because they were all influenced by gravity. In the same way, all those organisms kept on improving their fitness without any intention on anyone's part, just because those who were most fit survived and reproduced while the least fit died, as any reasonable person would expect. What's so mysterious about that? Would you expect anything different? Do you need to hypothesize a grandfatherly old codger in the sky who manipulated every gene in every organism? Get real.