#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
The question is somewhat meaningless because you can believe that we were created by Design and still conclude that Intelligent Design, as proposed by the Discovery Institute and its fellows,  is a scientifically vacuous concept.For instance, many theistic evolutionists have no problem accepting both the design aspect as a faith element as well as science as providing the best explanation as to 'how'. The problem with ID is that it attempts to argue that the 'how', in the form of evolutionary theory, is somehow unable to explain this. And yet, the concept of a front loading design, is well within the paradigm of how ID approaches the issue and although ID proponents are quick to reject front loading since they have accepted an active participating deity on faith, the simple reality is that a God who set all in motion with the Big Bang, is as much part of the ID explanation as a God who is involved at every single moment in time and space. However, the former is much better supported by the evidence than the latter, for obvious reasons. To counter, ID proponents argue that evolutionary mechanisms lack purpose and are random, both of course are misleading and flawed arguments.First, the concept of purpose or teleology is a complex one, where purpose and function are easily confused and thus when we see the outcome of evolutionary processes that lead to function, one may be tempted to conflate this with purpose. Secondly, evolutionary theory is not random, although aspects of evolutionary theory involve neutral evolution, which involves changes in the genome which are near neutral and have no significant benefit or cost to the organism, evolutionary theory also includes the Darwinian concept of natural selection, which is by definition strongly non-random.ID proponents try to counter this with, yes but random or regular processes cannot explain complexity and information. Which is sort of tautological in ID speak since whenever such processes can explain a complex system with information, the complexity disappears by definition. Since ID proponents often conflate terminology like the concept of information, and attempt to argue that they really mean Shannon information, the simple observation that processes of variation and selection can in fact create information in the genome, in the Shannon sense, undermines any argument ID may have.So what have we determined so far? That scientists can both accept the religious concept of 'design' and still do science without accepting the flawed and scientifically vacuous approaches of ID. In fact, many such Christian scientists would argue that ID not just remains without scientific content but also that its theological claims undermine Christian faith. For instance, imagine, and not much imagination is needed given the recent research, that science finds a more detailed explanation of the bacterial flagellum, which is the cause celebre of the ID movement? This would mean that science has disproven ID, or has it? If it has disproven ID then indeed ID may have some scientific value but why would ID want to open up religious faith to an unreliable design inference? History has shown us plenty of examples where 'design' was falsified, even Newton flunked here. Of course, the reality is that ID is never placing the 'designer' at risk because it is not an argument for Design but rather an argument against evolutionary theory. So all it has done is made a claim that "science cannot explain X" and science has done what it does so well, show that the lack of explanation was based on our ignorance not some mystical 'design' explanation. In other words, ID's proposal is not one which proposed an alternative explanation, in fact, it is not better than "science does not yet understand how X happened", but rather proposes that a particular scientific hypothesis cannot explain 'X'. By careful bait and switch and a confusion that evidence against a particular evolutionary hypothesis should be counted as evidence in favor of design, ID manages to avoid a scientific formulation of design and still pretend that it proposes a scientifically relevant hypothesis in favor of design.Clever bunch but in the end, vacuous as well.So "were we created by design"? As a Christian I fully accept this. However, I still reject Intelligent Design's approach not just because it is scientifically without any content but also because I believe it is misleading and dangerous from a theological perspective.