#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=creationism
#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
There is no actual absolute proof of evolution as some of the people here have stated. Before people post things, they should really do their research first. And for those reading this I implore you to do your own. Here are three basic reasons for why evolution is only theory and not a proven fact:1.) Evolution has never been witnessed. Dawkin's even states that, "evolution has been observed. It's just that it hasn't been observed while it's happening." He goes on to say that its like coming upon a murder scene after the murder has already taken place. It seems pretty obvious but there is no concrete evidence. Just obvious clues. "It might as well be spelled out in words of English." Well, it might seem obvious, but its not concrete evidence. It seemed pretty obvious that the world was flat once too. 2.) Science is constantly trying to prove the theory of evolution with suggesting that life itself was generated in a pool of amino acids and proteins by complete chance. However, so far all experiments to attempt to manufacture a self replicating DNA based Molecule have failed. If you don't believe me, look it up. Now, there is evidence supporting RNA based molecules. But, even if that turned out to be successful, it would still pose an interesting paradox being that science created the self replicating molecule, it did not create itself as theory of evolution suggests. 3.) The last point is the fossil record is incomplete. We do share similar bone structures with other animals but there is no defined developmental line. Not even slight mutations within each generation to warrant there being evidence of evolution. Though, I will add they are getting closer and closer every year to finding that missing link but closer and closer does not equal found. Now speaking about creation. I have read a lot of the arguments that are saying that creationism is faith based. Well, its just as faith based as evolution is. And there is just as much evidence, if not more, supporting intelligent design as there is supporting evolution. In all fairness there is no absolute proof for intelligent design as well. However, there is more substantial evidence for it. Here is one example:Patterns occur naturally without the need for a 'designer'. For example: snowflakes, tornados, hurricanes, sand dunes, stalactites, rivers, ocean waves etc... These patterns are a natural result of what scientists categorize as chaos. Science, in support of evolution, also uses chaos to describe what was before the "big bang". These things are well-understood and there is no debate in the scientific community. Now, take codes. Codes do not occur without a designer (programmer). Some examples of these include stuff like music, blueprints, languages, computer programs, and even codes of DNA. The basic difference is what happens between patterns and codes. Chaos can produce patterns, but it has never been shown to produce codes. Codes store information which is pretty good proof that DNA just might have been designed (programed). DNA is not a molecule with a pattern. It's a code, basically a language, and a storage device for information. All codes that we know of were created by a conscious mind. Therefore, evidence dictates that DNA was designed by a mind of sorts. The language and information of our very own DNA is proof of some sort of intelligent design.I for one believe that elements from both evolution and creation, working in tandem, is more likely that one or the other. But if I had to pick one I would say creation.