#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Hi SocialistBetty,Thank you so much for your question.  I do not think that Christ would have reacted in a negative way to a gay person sharing His message as long as this person does not act on his/her tendency—same sex attraction.  All of us have tendencies and struggles; this is the reason why Christ died on the cross for us.I believe that individuals are more than just their sexuality  and no one should be defined and/or valued based only on a sexual tendency. What  about their character, talents,  interests, love for Christ and other people, etc., etc. I want to share this article which explain what I would like to tell you.Written by: Mike Ensley | March 6th, 2008 The answer that immediately comes to mind is, “Well, yeah!” We know God loves everybody, but then we’re confused when we see Bible verses that say homosexuality is a sin. What does that mean for gays?Let’s ask ourselves: does God think the way we do? Not quite (Isaiah 55:9). So I wonder if God would even think of people as “gay” or “straight” in the first place? Like the verse linked to above says, God’s ways are much higher than ours. You know, the Bible really never classifies people as “gay” or “homosexual” (even though some translations make it seem that way). The Scriptures only ever talk about homosexuality being a kind of behavior–not a kind of person.So it’s more accurate to say that, rather than seeing people as “gay,” God just sees people–some of whom have same-sex attractions, and others who have different struggles. And He loves them all. The only question is whether we are willing to daily make an effort in faith to submit our ground-level ways to His heavenly ones .No matter what your struggle looks like, though, it doesn’t have to dictate your identity, actions or destiny. A big part of starting this journey is learning to stop thinking the way the crowd thinks, to stop believing everything you’re told just because it’s popular opinion.Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will learn to know God’s will for you, which is good and pleasing and perfect. (Romans 12:2)SocialistBetty, please let me know if you have any other questions and God bless you =0)Reina