#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Hi, Visavismeyou, I was heterosexually married for 19 years and went through adulation, disillusionment and acceptance into love. (My wife died so I cannot testify as to my ability to have a longer term relationship.) Whist studying therapy and working with individuals and couples I realised, as I did with my own relationship, that many do not realise that disillusionment is just a phase to be worked through.  My experience, as a therapist, caused me to start helping clients overcome the disillusionment stage. I have had some successes and failures, as might be expected.  Such people may feel pathetic but amount to as much as 50% of people in relationships.  This is a conservative estimate, as the number of divorces or unhappy marriages will testify      People who are "gay" or "homosexual", as used to be the label, often think they are wrong, unnatural or weird. Thus they start off their relationships doubting their abilities to love or the rightness of their choice. These doubts   add   to the 50% chances of failure and may give rise to lack of lasting relationships between persons of the same sex, compared to heterosexual ones. My argument, in the earlier section, is that the choice to be gay or not is one that is felt.  Even if the person thinks it it wrong their feelings have more influence on their behaviour than their thoughts, including judgments.   After all, it is considered quite normal for a man or woman to have strong attractions to each other.  Circumstances and common sense may stop them but their urges are there and an appropriate relationship will allow them to meet the right person and go through the mature processing of adulation, disillusionment, acceptance and love. Where an attracted couple are of the same sex they invariably take account of more internal and external judgments than heterosexual couples, as well as going through the mature processing of adulation, disillusionment, acceptance and love.  In conclusion, the decision to feel "gay" or heterosexual is not one to be mitigated by   legal  , moral or persuasive argument.  Or, to put it more crudely, I could not be persuaded to be sexually aroused by a male body on pain of death and my pretences would not deceive a male partner.                 