#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
"Only people who believe in the Christian "God" are moral, is what you're saying."Actually, I am not saying this.  Nothing I said should have given this conclusion however I apologize if it did.  Realativly speaking, all people are capable of morality.  However, we are only capable in as much as we respond to the Good given to us, not out of our own selves since man is by nature sinful (Romans 5).  Though I understand you may not agree with the Scriptures totally pherhaps we can share the common ground that no person is perfect, people are selfish and are not 100% good.  This is comparable to what the Scriptures talk about that people have a sin nature that we have inherited through Adam by which we have an innate tendency to bend toward sin, e.g. selfishness, unloving heart and behavior etc.  Since the Scriptures teach that God is reaching out to all people everywhere I actually believe that people may be able to act morally good in the true sense if they are responding out of grace given them and by the activity of the Holy Spirit in their soul whether they are Christian or not.  There is even the posiblity of man acting morally good out of an original goodness of man that has not been totaly corrupted by the marr of sin.  Even beside this sinful people may act morally good at a civil level, though not neccsarily in accordance with absolute good.  That is why I say realativly speaking there is moral good that people who are not believrs can do.  Even the good that Christians do, that nonbelievers supposdly cannot due, is the result of the goodness of God at work in them and not any more claimable by that person then any other.  If it wasn't for God they wouldn't be any different.  I hope that wasn't too confusing.  In your second argument you assume many things.  You assume that homosexuals are a class of people that have biological cause to their homosexuality.  In other words, they are "born with it."  Not only is this unverifiable it is not were good science is pointing.  Obviously it is not a choice.  As I have wresteled with my own homosexuality I will be the first to say "I did not choose this." But there is not way I was born this way.  You say: "Who the crap are you to know better than "God" how a person is supposed to be made?"Can't we I ask you the same question?  How do you know someone living a homosexual lifestyle is living according to God's design?  We know that it is not so because God has told us so through his Word. (1 Timothy 3:16, Leviticus 18:22)  You say: "If that person was made by "God" then it was "God" who created that sinful cocktail mix of chemicals that dictates to that person whom he or she will be sexually attracted to. That would make the act of "God" a sinful act... which, if you believe in "God"... you know can't happen."First off, God created sex and that "mix of chemicals" that all are a part of our sexuality are not sinful.  God created sex and he created it good.  The falleness of human nature lends what was originally good to all sorts of deviations.  The Catholic church (although I am not Roman Catholic) does not teach that a homosexual orientation is sinful but acting on it is, you are correct.  But, they do teach that it is an "intrinsic disorder" even an evil. Not that the person is responsible to that sin or evil but that the homosexual orientation is a manifestation of human falleness just like all sin is including deviations such as alcholisim and sexual addicition.  The homosexul is a victim to sin like all of us are.  Thanks be to God that he has provided a way out of this and brought life to us anew (Romans 5).  The Scriptures teach:"As for you, you were dead in your transgressions and sins, in which you used to live when you followed the ways of this world and of the ruler of the kingdom of the air, the spirit who is now at work in those who are disobedient. All of us also lived among them at one time, gratifying the cravings of our sinful nature and following its desires and thoughts. Like the rest, we were by nature objects of wrath. But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressions—it is by grace you have been saved."  (Ephesians 2:1-5, NIV) We were by natures objects of wrath but God still loved and loves us.  This is preciesly why he gave his son to us that if we believe in him we shall not perish but have everlasting, full life now and later.  The fact that all people are imperfect and have inclinations to sin is not a product of God's creative work but of Satan's twisting of the good creation through sin.  God did not sin in making any of us but all of us have falleness.  Homosexuality is just one of many manifestations of this falleness and like all mankind homosexuals are in need of a savior.  