#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Equal Civil Rights are the most pressing issue.  NO gay-parented family in this nation has the same rights as a straight, married couple and their children.  Even those legally married in MA, CA or CT do not have any of the more than 1000 rights, protections and privileges granted by federal law to married couples.  But worse than this is the fact that many, many gay people live in one of the 30 states which do not have even the most basic of Civil Rights protections for gays, such as the right to not be fired from a job or refused employment because one is gay, or the right not to be denied the purchase or rental of a home because one is gay.  These Civil Rights (or the denial thereof) affect gay-parented families even more than they do gay individuals, because an individual might be presumed to be straight, but a couple with children become extremely obvious to prospective landlords, home sellers or real estate agents.  And employers are not in most places compelled to offer equal access to employer-paid health insurance to the spouses of gay employees.  And if they DO offer such benefits, it is generally not of much benefit, anyway, since gay couples have to pay income taxes on benefits paid for gay spouses as though they were part of the employee's taxable income, making such benefits often as costly or more costly than purchasing health insurance privately.  Since many gay parents cannot form a legal relationship to children adopted by or born to their spouse, they also cannot cover these children as dependents on their employer health insurance.  The children will not be eligible to receive Social Security payments if that parent dies.  And if the biological or adoptive parent dies, the children may lose both parents simultaneously, because they may be taken away from the remaining parent to be placed in foster care with strangers.  There are far too many ways in which gay-parented families are disadvantaged by being denied equal civil rights which are granted as a part of civil marriage to list them all here, or even a tiny fraction of them.  But suffice to say that THESE are the ways in which children of same-gender parents are disadvantaged as compared to children of opposite-gender parents -- not because their parents love them any less or cannot parent them as well as opposite-gender parents.