#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Peace Sid,You have changed your argument, I see, or perhaps more precisely clarified it from the apparent fallacies I lying there in.  Now that we are on the same page we can move forward.  I want you to know before I continue that I have no desire to belittle you or make you feel inferior because of your lack of faith, or the faith that you do have in rationalism.  Sometimes I find these forums and online means of communication tiresome.  I don't really know you, and you don't really know me.  This isn't the most conducive to honest communication and dialogue.  My overarching aim is to wish you the best in all that life has for you.  When I write peace I do not write it as a mere triviality but as sincere request for peace to come upon you and your life.  With this I shall continue. As arguments do often rest on premises so does yours.  Your premise is "Rational truth is objective and spiritual truth is subjective."  I beg to differ.  Rational truth can be objective and it can be subjective it is not more bound in objectivity or subjectivity than spiritual truth or faith faith, for that matter.  Rational truth can be objective as you argue, when it bases itself self out of conclusions drawn from the real including that which is material is this world and in the whole universe.  Even here though, there is a principle assumption that is "believed," that is faith is necessary for reason to be valid objectively because we must assume, or believe with faith, that the human senses are actually and able to perceive the real and that the human mind is able to make sense out what is perceived in a manner that is true.  This basic premise must be believed for rational thought to have any air of possible objectivity.  Rational thought, is therefore, always dependent on a certain amount of faith.  If faith is as you say, belief without evidence then it is a belief in something independent of any concept of the real, it is subjective and all rational truth is therefore subjective.  This is a primary problem in metaphysics.  The first philosophers to shed off the tradition Aristotelian scholasticism found it necessary to validate reality in faith.  Descartes, for instance doubted that our perception of anything is guaranteed except that which is guaranteed by God.  Later philosophers who "dumped" the idea that the real can be perceived because God guarantees it also dumped any notion of objective reality.  Objective reality forever became something beyond human grasp nor could any such validation be made of whether there even was an objective reality.  David Hume advanced this concept when he argued that humans merely receive impressions from the outside and makes sense of them internally through laws of association.  This assemblage and putting together of external impressions is an entirely subjective feat.  Immanuel Kant further advanced this when he said that our only understanding of reality is through our experiences.  These experiences he called phenomenon and so humans a a phenomenological attempt at truth but had no access to what he called noumenal reality or what we know as objective reality.  He said that it is the mind that shapes reality and not reality the mind since we put our thoughts together through our categories of understanding.  Other philosophers and anthropologists have even yet further argued that these categories of understanding are primarily determined by our language, such as is argued in the sapir-whorf hypothesis.  The point of my detour through some history of modern philosophy is to show that without God and without faith there is not real.  If any of these Godless, worldviews are adopted then there is no objective reality metaphysically for there to be an objective truth let alone an objective truth that happens to be rational.  Therefore, in either case, whether we can reach an objective reality guaranteed by God or cannot rational and reason is subjective or dependent on faith.  Before I move on I would like to define more precisely what subjective and objective actually mean:"Objective: Having actual existence or reality.""Subjective: Proceeding from or taking place in a person's mind rather than the external world"Both from The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, 4th edition