#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
But that doesn't necessarily make the motives of those involved selfish.As I said, I'm motivated by my love for God.  I love Him because of who He is... that He is a loving Creator that cares about His creation and WAS willing to sacrifice for us (along with many other things about Him too numerous to detail here).  If he were just a careless deity that made people then left them with no clue as to who he was, and didn't care what they did, and wasn't interested in helping them, he would NOT be the God I love. Loving Him naturally causes me to take stock of what I do.  It's no different with any close relationship.  For instance... my husband could tell me that he loves me and will love me no matter what I do or don't do. Let's say upon hearing this I take his unconditional love and flaunt it by bringing home a different man every night to sleep in our bed, or I beat our   children  , or any other offensive act.  Barring I stop doing these things and ask for forgiveness, the relationship would be lost.  He could still love me, but I just proved that I didn't love him.  This is true with God, too.  He won't force us to be in a relationship with Him if we don't want to.  I can't convince you that I'm being truthful (but I am).  That's where faith would have to come into play.  You can choose to stay cynical, or you can trust a person who you don't know.  I understand if you choose the former.  But I do hope you meet others like me ...or maybe you already have and haven't trusted their words either?  It's your choice.  From my experience, I sincerely hope you choose to trust God - not for any special "reward" He'll give you, but because of His grace and love for you.  I don't expect any particular reward or lack of reward either way.  If I have a reward, it's now, and will be after death, simply to be with the One who is the definition of love.  Nothing you or anyone else does or doesn't do will   change   that.