#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
to often persons attempt to consider procreation as the only reasonable assertion to prove that homosexuality is genetically a "dead end".  to make your investigation on this topic quick and easy, read last months Scientific American, that issue was completely devoted to the topic of   evolution  .  you will find a broad group of disscussions which cover topics of the multiple ways that genetics of a species are fortified for continuation....not all being limited to mere procreation.  for one, there is the success of the population being aided by "unselfish" genes....these are traits held by individuals of a group that tend to make the group in which they live survive better than those without them.  studies (they are cited here....do your homework yourself) show that even though individuals have a trait not shared by all which can save the group, those populations which gave rise to them not only just survive, but tend to create larger numbers of those with the "unselfish" genes in there future populations, beyond those created by those who have already expressed the gene.many species survive as a result of the variable genetics of it's population at a given time.  one could quite easily say (merely as conjecture) that gay persons assist the community without the "expense" of having added another mouth to feed to compete for resources.  Since there has been nearly no protracted period in our evolutionary history where resources have NOT been often strained, this little example alone is enough to give substantial reason for gay persons to exist.  A gay person would work, be able to share in the groups defense, could kill more bison or harvest more grain than he or she would consume and thus assist in the survival of the group.  here...any group which created gay persons would perhaps out survive one where there were none or....to be fair one where the entire population was gay (a certain and only example of a genetic "dead end").in addition, regarding the gay vrs. straight ratio;  there are thousands of papers which have been written that put the population of persons that are born slightly to severely hermaphodidic at about 11%.  the now defunct magazine THE SCIENCES by the New York Academy of Science had a very major article which disscussed that before the surgical technology to "correct" elements of hermaphadism in children existed, this population had to be counciled as to how to get through our society.  the regularity of this was well documented and was readily a part of psychiatric training. the narrow man/woman catagories we often argue about are just a portion of the human reality.It is only in the human mind that "this" or "that" exists.  nature attempts and continually demonstrates that nearly everything is on the table at all times.  and it is in the fact that the ratio of homosexual to heterosexual is pretty much a heterogeneous ratio across all societies (when verified to account for societal suppression of admition of homosexuality) that shows that it is a genetic creation, and one that the species has found to be of bennifit eons before culture existed as we now experience it.