#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Many Christians say   homosexuality   is a choice. Science, logic, common sense, real life accounts, and psychologists all prove this wrong. Any educated Christian or person knows that homosexuality is not a choice. You cannot choose your sexual attractions. They try to use the cop-out that, "its the behavior" but that behavior is caused by the initial sexual attraction, which you cannot change. If you feel you can change your sexual attraction, you might want to re-evaluate your sexuality, because you are not straight, but bi-sexual. Now within the group of people that think being   gay   is a choice, they fall in 2 groups.Group 1: The bigots, who try to find any excuse to condone their   discrimination  . Group 2: People who actually are good people, but not informed or know enough about gay people, and thus still think its a choice.I am speaking to group 2 here. Group 1 are bigots that will never change their mind, but that generation will die out like the racist generations. Group 2 read on.-Virtually all major psychological and medical experts agree that sexual orientation is NOT a choice-Most gay people will tell you its not a choice-Common sense will tell you its not a choiceWhile   science   is relatively new to studying homosexuality, studies tend to indicate that its biological.  http://www-news.uchicago.edu/releases/03/differential-brain-activation.pdf    http://www.newscientist.com/channel/sex/dn14146-gay-brains-structured-like-those-of-the-opposite-sex.html  Gay, Straight Men's Brain Responses Differ  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0  ,2933,155990,00.html  http://www.livescience.com/health/060224_gay_genes.html    http://www.springerlink.com/content/w27453600k586276  /  http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2008/06/16/172  /And it should also be noted that:"It is worth noting that many medical and scientific organizations do believe it is impossible to change a person's sexual orientation and this is displayed in a statement by American Academy of Pediatrics, American Counseling Association, American Association of School Administrators, American Federation of Teachers, American Psychiatric Association, American Psychological Association, American School Health Association, Interfaith Alliance Foundation, National Association of School Psychologists, National Association of Social Workers, and National Education Association."But we don't need scientific evidence for this.(REVERSE THE QUESTIONS IF YOU ARE FEMALE)I shall ask you this. When you see a naked woman, it goes up right? They turn you on emotionally and sexually right? Now how about when you see a naked man? Does your pulse raise in the same way? Are you enjoying it? Do you go up? Do you feel sexual urges in the same way? Do men turn you on emotionally and sexually? Does male/male   porn   turn you on sexually? Would you be able to enjoy sex with a man? Do you find men sexually attractive? Could you be happy sexually with a man for the rest of your life? If you are heterosexual, the answer should be no. Otherwise, you might either be bi-sexual or   homosexual  , and might want to re-evaluate your sexuality. It is well known that a lot of homophobes deny their homosexuality by being aggressive towards it, until they finally accept it. Most people know this is not a choice, and it would be ignorant claiming it so. I know a few gay people who went to a straight club when they were figuring out their sexuality, where women were putting their naked bodies all over them, giving them naked lap dances, not once did the gay men get it up or aroused. But just the picture of a naked guy gets them up easily. Tell me thats choice. Also, why would a gay person, knowing that you will have a rough time in   society  , knowing that you cant get married unless you live in certain places, knowing that people will pick on you for it, knowing that your closest friends and families might completely turn their back on you, choose to be gay, if they could easily be satisfied by the opposite sex? Because they can't. Simple logic there.