#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
all scripture is god breathed(1tim)but scripture never said homosexuality was a sin.under the old covenant not all prohibitions of themselves were sins. num 15:32 While the Israelites were in the desert, a man was found gathering wood on the Sabbath day. 33 Those who found him gathering wood brought him to Moses and Aaron and the whole assembly, 34 and they kept him in custody, because it was not clear what should be done to him. 35 Then the LORD said to Moses, "The man must die. The whole assembly must stone him outside the camp." 36 So the assembly took him outside the camp and stoned him to death, as the LORD commanded Moses.doing household chores is not a sin. the essence doing household chores on the sabbath is not sin. yet under the old covenant because god made a prohibition about it it became a sin.hebrews 8: 7For if there had been nothing wrong with that first covenant, no place would have been sought for another. 8But God found fault with the people and said[b]:    "The time is coming, declares the Lord,       when I will make a new covenant    with the house of Israel       and with the house of Judah.  9It will not be like the covenant       I made with their forefathers    when I took them by the hand       to lead them out of Egypt,    because they did not remain faithful to my covenant,       and I turned away from them, declares the Lord.  10This is the covenant I will make with the house of Israel       after that time, declares the Lord.    I will put my laws in their minds       and write them on their hearts.    I will be their God,       and they will be my people.  11No longer will a man teach his neighbor,       or a man his brother, saying, 'Know the Lord,'    because they will all know me,       from the least of them to the greatest.  12For I will forgive their wickedness       and will remember their sins no more."[c]  13By calling this covenant "new," he has made the first one obsolete; and what is obsolete and aging will soon disappear.