#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Before we can determine what scripture means for us today, we must understand what it meant for the people to whom it was originally given back then. In plainer words, what scripture means today is limited by what it meant back then.Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN.Whatever meaning we assign to Paul's words has to have been a probable understanding in the first century.There are three areas which help us understand what Paul meant back then.1. The historical context. First century Rome was an idolatrous culture with hundreds of temples to pagan gods and goddesses. One fertility goddess in particular was Cybele, known as the Protectress of Rome.    http://www.gaychristian101.com/Romans-1.html    2. The religious context. The most prominent goddess figure in first century Rome was Cybele, the Phrygian fertility goddess. Five worship sites honored her in Rome at the time Paul wrote Romans.Roman coins bearing Cybele's likeness were inscribed with the words, Mater Deum, Mother of the gods.Cybele was worshiped by castrated Galli priests who offered themselves sexually to male worshipers.This is what Paul describes in Romans 1, citing the Old Testament experience of Jews who had rebelled against God and practiced fertility goddess worship.3. The way Christians back then understood Paul's words in Romans 1.Aristides, preaching before the Roman Emperor Hadrian, AD 126, linked Paul's words in Romans 1 to shrine prostitution.Justin Martyr, preaching around AD 150, linked Paul's words in Romans 1 to shrine prostitution.    http://www.gaychristian101.com/Romans-And-Shrine-Prostitution.html    To read Romans 1 today and say scripture is condemning a committed, faithful, non-cultic lesbian or gay partnership is to give the text a new meaning which was unknown to the original readers.And if it was unknown to the original readers, then that interpretation cannot be true because:Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN.