#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Let's examine what the companion passage to Mark 10, says, since Matthew 19 is the major passage used to clobber gay people on the topic of marriage.Matthew 19:3-12 deals with God’s view of heterosexual marriage and natural exceptions to heterosexual marriage as Jesus intended His followers to understand them. Jesus says some eunuchs are born that way, from their mother's womb. Jesus does not say born eunuchs enter the world with genital deformities. Instead, He makes a distinction between born eunuchs and eunuchs who have been physically castrated (suffered genital deformity) by illness or by men. Jesus also makes a clear distinction between born eunuchs and eunuchs who make a choice to voluntarily abstain from marriage, for the kingdom of heaven.In Matthew 19, Jesus cites Adam and Eve as the norm for marriage but carefully makes exception for people called eunuchs. According to Jesus, a eunuch is one who cannot receive His teaching about heterosexual marriage according to the Adam and Eve model. Jesus informs us that of the three classes of eunuchs, the first class is born that way. In other words, born eunuchs are not physically castrated and born eunuchs are not required to abstain from marriage with an orientation compatible partner. They are born eunuchs from their mother’s womb, unable to receive Jesus’ teaching about the Adam and Eve marriage model yet Jesus differentiates between them and castrated eunuchs and them and metaphysical eunuchs (eunuchs who make a personal decision not to marry).History demonstrates that what we call gay men today, were called eunuchs by our spiritual ancestors. In Matthew 19:12, Jesus very clearly says born eunuchs, what today we call homosexuals, were born that way.In case you doubt that born eunuchs were gay people, please note that Dr. Robert Gagnon, the leading anti-gay crusader of the twenty-first century, admits that:"Probably 'born eunuchs' in the ancient world did include people homosexually inclined..."When even Dr. Robert Gagnon, our most vociferous opponent, admits this historical fact, our argument is largely won.    http://www.gaychristian101.com/Eunuchs-Are-Gay.html    