#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
     The late Pope John Paul II was noted for quoting often the phrase "Christ...fully reveals man to himself."  from "Gaudium et Spes."  In the Christian tradition God and his commands are not "up there" far away in some Platonic other but right here, now in the present among us.  God came to Abram, his glory dwelt on Mt. Sinai with Moses, John the Baptist preached "the Kingdom of God is at hand," Jesus, "it is among us" and Jesus the Christ himself is the incarnation of God.  God's Word came present not "up there" but in time, in history, in the lives and languages of a real culture of and society amongst real individuals.       Universal moral law is only true in so much as it is indeed universal and based in the common good.  Not the good of an individual or a group but as it is the good for all.  In order for this to be so it must somehow exist ontologically in its own right, objectively and not in the will of man for the will of man is not only corrupt but subjective.  In this case the only moral law that can actually be true and universal is that law which is given from God.  Any other attempt for man to construct there own law, there own morals, there own understanding of right and wrong, good and evil is in fact from the evil one.  To do so would nuance the falsity that we are god, or anyway like God.  (see Genesis 3).  Rather God calls us into relationship with him not only because it is the good for us to do but because it is the purpose for which we are created.  God not only calls us to himself as an action of doing but as an action of being because it is who we are, after all God calls us into being.       How is it reconciled then, that we as humans need a morality that is actually attainable that isn't beyond our reach  that is as you said "for people."  God knows that his law is to high for people to achieve (see Romans 7).  This is precisely why he came not as other but as man and in doing so made the way for man to experience not only holiness and righteousness (as accorded by his law) but true peace with God and right relationship with him.  Jesus' humanity is evidence that it is possible and he is the way to our eternal Father, our divine Creator.  Jesus affords the way we must choose weather one will take that, accept God's offer of freedom and redemption or continue to neglect him and his holiness by living in sin.  Societies likewise, can compromise the truth and go on living "as every man sees fit" with the illusion of justice by "living and letting live." But dies this "live and let live" really provide true justice?  What about the injustice of psychological distress within a man, is this accounted for? Not because "live and let live" only accounts for interpersonal relationship not the inner justice of man.  Or how about acts of "so called freedom" that actually bring further bondage?  Are they ok if only consent is given?  Prostitution, fornication, drunkenness, consumerism?  All of these things go on under the guise of false justice, ie. live and let live, but in reality they continue to demean the integrity and intrinsic value of the human person.  The justice based in the reality that all men are created  equal is the justice of God for he has endowed men with such unalienable rights as life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.  Each human person, all men, all women, those who believe they are homosexual and those who do not, those born, those unborn, those dying they are all worth so much to God that he he gave his only begotten son to die that whosoever believes in him will not perish but have everlasting, full, life.  Christ speaks the freeing word, the word of liberty over all those who call on his name as they become who they truly are before sin and bondage and oppression came to foul our fallen race.  Jesus saves.  Jesus calls us to our original purpose, he is the fulfillment of our happiness.  True morality and justice accounts to the full truth of the human being and human experiance accroding to him who knows all things and all things about us, according to him who walked among us and made a way for real people, and who calls us into realtionship with him and gives us to the power to live holy, lives of right action and right being by putting His Spirit in those who believe in him.  This Spirit is the Lord the giver of life, who reigns with the Father and the Son, One God overall, for all, in love with all.  including you friend,Peace,Spencer