#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Let's observe the truth.Mr. Rick Brentlinger wrote in response to point a):"a) GodÕs exclusive design of male and female relationships as stated in GenesisGod never says or implies in the Genesis historical account, that his anatomical design of males and females requires ONLY male-female partnerships or that male-male and female-female partnerships draw His wrath"->My objection:Perhaps you missed the fact that Leviticus 20:13(Lev 20:13)  If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination; they shall surely be put to death; their blood is upon them.That word translated "lies with" is "shakab" in the original and all the word scholars interpret it as "lying down with in affection and sexually" See Strong's Hebrew and Greek concordance (H7901) and New American Exhaustive Concordance, also Brown-Driver-Briggs' Hebrew Definitions. Here another point. The Old Testament is filled with laws governing the sexual relationships between men and women, give me one, just one, instance of God's laws favoring healthy sexual relationships between two men or two women. NONE!!!!! You will never find ONE! Why? Because God doesn't condone any of it. Lev. 20:13.Any other interpretation of God's word to the contrary of Homosexuality as sin is a direct assult on God's moral integrety.Finally, in conclusion, The laws of God are a teacher to expose sin as being truly sinful. Some sins are greater than others and so incurred an immediate death sentence like rape, beastiality, homosexuality, incest, etc. However, there are others that, yet still sinful, don't incur an immediate death sentence like this one;(Deu 22:5)  "A woman shall not wear man's clothing, nor shall a man put on a woman's clothing; for whoever does these things is an abomination to the LORD your God."This is were I disagree with J. Buchanan and others who say that no sin is worst than another. That's poor theology. What's true is that all but one sin is forgivable at the cross. Only blaspheme against the Holy Spirit is unforgiveable.Jesus Christ paid for that punishment, but He didn't nullify it's weight of sinfulness. We escape God's wrath by first repenting, and secondly, accepting His atonement, and lastly, living rightly in God's eye's alone, henceforth.Read your bible and stop listening to deceitful men. Jesus promises that all those who sincerely seek the real truth, and who do so with God alone as their source of truth, shall find it. Men(including me) are short sighted and don't hold all truth, we need to seek it from God alone and He will only do it through Jesus Christ (The Word made flesh).Seek verses like, John 8:34, Matt. 5:17-20, Gal. 3:22-24, John 8:34, Rom. 6:6, Luke 9:56 