#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Actually, there is a scientifically high probability that homosexuality contributes positively to the well-being of the species.  Typically, genetic traits which lead to reproductive success are the most strongly and consistently represented traits in a population.  After all, if you have a gene which makes you reproductively successful, you are likely to reproduce more and therefore your trait will continue strongly into the next and subsequent generations.And yet, there is good evidence that a small but fairly consistent percentage of the population has been homosexual throughout recorded history.  Since a "gay gene" would tend to detract from reproductive success (yes, you can snicker now :) ), why would such a gene be selected for?  The fact that we are beginning to discover that there is not one singular "gay gene," but rather most likely a complex interaction of genes (and probably some factors from the intrauterine environment, as well) which cause an individual to be same-gender-oriented, suggests that some of those genes may also be beneficial to the species in other ways, perhaps providing protection from disease or other reproductively-desirable traits.  Think of the gene which causes Sickle-cell Anemia.  This gene is recessive, and will not cause disease if it is inherited from only one parent.  If inherited from both parents, the offspring manifests the disease, which can be deadly.  This gene is nearly non-existent in much of the world's population, because its tendency to reduce life-expectancy means that it does not give a reproductive advantage under normal circumstances, and therefore self-extinguishes after a number of generations.However, in areas of the world where Malaria is common, like Africa, this gene provides a distinct reproductive advantage, in that someone who is a carrier of the gene (has the recessive from one parent but not from the other) is given some degree of immunity to Malaria, and therefore has a reproductive advantage over someone with no Sickle-cell gene at all.  Therefore, in African populations, there is a high occurrence of Sickle-cell Anemia, because more carriers are at a reproductive advantage over non-carriers.The same is likely true with some or all of the genes which influence sexual orientation.  While Uncle Bill may get the full set and find that he is attracted to other men, Aunt Jane may only receive a partial set of the genes and actually be more fertile than other women, or produce offspring which are smarter, more attractive or otherwise have a survival and/or reproductive advantage.  Those offspring will also be carriers of some or all of the set of genes which increase the probability of becoming same-gender-oriented.  Some of them may marry spouses who carry some of the complement of genes, and may, themselves, produce one or more gay offspring.It really does make sense from an evolutionary perspective.