#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
People have used the Bible to support many false teachings and agendas.  It has been used to defend polygamy, Aryanism, racism, slavery, crusades, and the oppression of women.  Just because scriptures have been used out of context and manipulated in the past by people with harmful and wicked agendas does not invalidate their veracity.  For our ancestors to use scripture to defend the institution of American slavery was to use scripture out of context.  In the same way, to use scripture to defend the acceptability of homosexual behavior is to use it out of context.  I appreciate the quote by George MacDonald:  "To give truth to him who loves it not is only to give him more plentiful material for misrepresentation."The point has been made by many that Christ never said anything condemning homosexuality.  However, there is also an absence of biblical condemnation of slavery.  In fact, it gave regulations for slaves and slave owners (slavery during Greco-Roman era was vastly different than the atrocity of Western-European and American slavery).  This line of thinking was used by slave owners to justify their position which contradicted the biblical doctrine of man.  If there is a parallel in this discussion of homosexuality, it is the use of the same strategy to justify homosexual behavior.    This argument and other arguments regarding the issues surrounding slavery cannot be effectively utilized in defending homosexuality.  The major difference is that there are multiple scriptural references condemning homosexual behavior.  People cannot defend sexual practices clearly condemned by biblical teaching in the same way as our “pro-slavery” Christian ancestors may have done in defending slavery.  There cannot be the claim that the Bible actually affirms this practice and offers no condemnation of it.  Therefore, to claim that scripture is being used to promote the condemnation of homosexuality in the same manner as it was to promote the establishment of American slavery is invalid.  