#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!
#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
OK maybe I'm naive but I always thought that very complex things had designers. Complexity is a sign of intelligence I thought. I also thought that when you designed something you had a purpose and function in mind. For example when GM designs a car they design it to be driven on roads, not across lakes. And I thought the designer determined the purpose and function, not the thing made. Now you could attempt to drive your car across the lake because you think it's a boat. But the results will quickly tell you that it was not designed for that purpose.Now maybe I'm being very naive again but I think that human beings are very complex things, vastly more complex than we know. So it would seem to me from an engineering perspective that just to design and make a human function would require an intelligence that is beyond anything we can conceive. Just think for a minute what you would have to know about chemistry. Not to mention that you would then have to take this concept and write it in a genetic code. And if that's not incredible enough. Just think what it takes to make it beautiful.All this to say that it's plain we have a creator, someone who designed us. Someone who had a purpose and function in mind when we were designed. It is then this designer who determines our purpose and function, not us. So therefore if we have a purpose and function for which we were designed I think we should be able to tell from the results whether or not we are using our bodies for the purpose for which they were designed. For example, my cell phone has a purpose for which it was designed; To make and take calls. Now what happens when I think it will also make a great hammer? I quickly find out that it wasn't designed for that purpose.So. Is homosexuality morally wrong? Well check the results. Married men live longer, healthier, happier and productive lives. Homosexual men live half as long, have high rates of drug use, infectious disease and suicide. But don't take my word for it. Check the results yourself so you'll know I'm not just making this up.Final thought for all those who will object that it is not plain we were designed. Consider how Richard Dawkins deals with the reality of design in biology. He sees it and recognizes it but because of the implications he has to say that it "gives the appearance of having been designed for a purpose" The Blind Watchmaker Maybe I'm an idiot but that sure sounds like a denial of the obvious. What else does it mean when you say something gives the appearance of. You mean it sure looks that way but it's not. And why not Mr. Dawkins? because it would prove you wrong? Oh how prone we are to self deception and self justification. So much for following the evidence were ever it leads.