#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Just parsary look at the answers on the opposition and they make they fabulous and dishonest incorrect responses. Bottom line is, it doesn't matter how untrue what it is they're saying, they will say it anyway and believe nothing else. that's the issue that needs to be addressed. The issues spawns from the socialist elite's Anti-  christian   crusade. scientists are paid to by lobbyists for the liberate the gays crusade.  If you read these reports, one after the other is aimed at confusing and convinceing lay people that there is evidence when there is not. That's the issue that needs addressing, because we have a force looking to deceive people. None of those people have a possitive value in the world. They are the drones of the nazi party. They are brain dead socialist anti-christian army. Truth and logic is not a object to them, only their voracious ego is of substance and their ego supports the Godless elite.   gay   people will regularly talk about thier sexual fasinations.. there's never a time for them not to.they are a lavishish sexually decadent people. if a pedophile were to be the same way, people might say, hey, this is an immoral person.  but the liberal has a false formula in their head. it says 'gay people can never be immoral'.  that's not true at all. These liberals are such shit. you can have  gay person at a childs birthday party discussing how but sexs is fantabulous, and suddenly that's the new moral standard. The sceince has always understood the sexual mind to be based on experience. let's say, nurture and nature. Gay do not fight for equal rights, they fight for especial rights. they're allowed to marry, but they want to   redefine marriage  . Imagine 2 brothers, how want to get 'married', not to have sex or raise a child, but to save   money  . that's not complicated and so much effort has been put forth, but they can't even understand the basic tenets of their argument. thos two brother have the right to get married. but they don't have a right to redefine marriage. that's just a hall mark on the irrational nature of these people. and the fact that they're still here with this faulted contest just shows we have no system of sanity or truth. IT's the elite promoting this idea. sense can't even topple it. It's a faulted idea supported by a mindless near majority. (these controlers are getting old, they want to to get their twists in while they can.' IT is an anti=religious crusade and it's a sexual liberating crusade. They want child sex slaves.. one step at a time. They have and use them already.. they just want   society   to accept the fact. That's what the obscenely wealthy godless people do. fuck you gays, you';re a bunch of freaks. i do have the right to say that, as much as the powerful elite wish to squash it.