#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
They are never about "committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex relationships." That is what you believe correct. So I guess I would have to prove that sex before marriage is a sin first (because it was talking about men and women lying with the same gender). Then I would have to go into detail about how God created man and woman to procreate, not man and man or woman and woman. Finally I would have to show you that a "Godly" relationship includes a male and female (not 2 of same gender). This is all evdent from scripture, yet you ignore those points. You told me that Lev. 18:22 is not about those committed relationships between male and male...correct? Yet this is what it states: "Lev. 18:22: "You shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female; it is an abomination." It states that ANYONE that lies with a male as one lies with a female is an abomination. Lets define abomination: loathsome, hateful, wicked, or vile, forbidden, and unclean.It is telling everyone that no one should lie with the same gender, because it is unclean, forbidden, vile, wicked, etc. So you can't take out those who participate in this act because they are more "committed" than others. Christians practicing sex before marriage can not say, "We are committed, so it must not be sinning." It is sin no matter how committed we are. Same goes for God's view on homosexuality.1 Corinthians 6:9 - the word you gave me, Arsenokoitai, translates in the Greek as a "sodomite: one who practices sodomy." "Sodomy is a term used today predominantly in law (derived from traditional Christian usage) to describe the act of anal intercourse, oral intercourse, as well as bestiality. When used in a religious context, it has a negative connotation (wikipedia)."In many translations, the word is translated as "effeminate" which according to Merriam-Webster, its defined as: "having feminine qualities untypical of a man : not manly in appearance or manner."That would mean that any man who "has feminine qualities untypical of a man, and that does not act in a manly manner nor look like one in appearance, shall not inherit the kingdom of God. The reason it is translated as "homosexual" is because the word "effeminate" describes a homosexual man. It also says those who practice this lifestyle of sodomy, which is exactly what homosexuals do, correct? **You need to either rebuttal me with your own words and beliefs, not 20 web pages that I am not going to read. Why be debating if you are just going to tell us to read? If you can't make your point by using scripture and logic, then you shouldn't be considered an expert on the topic. 