#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Sexual orientation and language are not alike in any way.  They arise from different parts of the brain and in very different ways, both in the individual and in the species.Instinctive sexual behavior has been part of the genetic make-up of the species (and its predecessor species) for millions of years longer than organized complex language (such as English and Swahili).  While most species have innate, instinctive capacities for some form of rudimentary or even relatively complex communication, the aspects of that communication which are instinctive and heritable are generally non-verbal, and are similar across all closely-related members of the species, even those which live in different geographic regions and have no contact with one another.  Humans have similar non-verbal, instinctive behaviors (sexual behaviors, among them).  But, while the capacity for spoken language is heritable (both the mechanical capacity and the mental capacity), the language, itself, is not inherited.Sexual behavior, though, is far more instinctive.  It is the basis of the species' survival (explaining why the majority of individuals in a species will always be primarily heterosexually oriented).  Heterosexual individuals do not LEARN to be heterosexual.  If heterosexual behavior had to be learned, then many, many species would have long since died out from lack of copulation and reproduction, because infants in the majority of species leave their mothers' care at the point when the   mother   is ready to mate again and bear more offspring.  They never have an opportunity to "learn" to be heterosexual.  In the same way, our sexual desires and behaviors are not, at their most basic level, learned.  They are instinctive.For a variety of reasons, most probably genetic, some possibly due to intrauterine hormonal fluctuations and exposures, a certain percentage of the human population (like that of most animal species) develops instinctive sexual traits which cause them to be sexually attracted to members of their own gender.This is nothing like language, or learning a new language.  Can someone who is innately heterosexual learn to engage in a homosexual sex act?  Of course they can.  Will this ever be "natural" for them?  Will this make them become innately sexually attracted to members of their own gender?  Of course not.  The only people who can readily imagine being attracted to members of either gender are bisexuals.  People who fall at either end of the spectrum of sexual orientation cannot choose to fall in love with the gender to which they are not innately attracted.  Can they learn to have sex with them?  Probably.  But I would hope we can all agree that having loveless, unfulfilling sex with no primary attachment of true attraction, love and devotion is not a good outcome and should not be anyone's goal. You can't learn to fall in love with a gender to which you are not attracted.