#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
Ahhhh, to "protect" the   children   from the horrible life of same sex "PARENTS" and families, I know thats not what was said, but rather inferred. Children ALWAYS do best when they have the influence of both male and female HEALTHY role models, when they feel safe and secure, valued and loved, when their family isn't being put up to (mostly) Christian flogging of going to hell, being called perverts, pediophiles and watching the tv ads that show other people they don't know trying to "protect" them from that person who reads to them at night. ALL of my same sex FEMALE friends who have children also have the healthy male role models in their childs life, to balance what they cannot be, lets get real. HOWEVER just because 2 women will never be anything other than, DOES NOT mean the child will suffer. Marriage, 50% divorce rate, so if a child is all happy and carefree, getting the BEST of mom and dad, oh wait how good could it have been if the child was/is living in an enviornment where mommy and daddy are beginning the steps towards divorce, the child has to live with it while it's happening, watch it, hear it and feel it. Face it it doesn't happen over night so how long has the child been exposed? And divorce...50% is an extremely high rate so how does that show mommy and daddy have something special called marriage? Lets see...and then there's the same sex parents who actually give birth or adopt. No "whoops" there, it's planned out, saved for and wanted. That child is sooo loved before they even arrive, and if indeed they adopted, who's child was it? Probably some lesbian out there trying to sabotage numbers of hetrosexual throw away babies that come from that precious gift of reproduction that's taken for granted and has no real value, just like the life that was created in a careless moment and given away, (but thank you for not aborting!).Children...and on this note, WHY are yours so much better than mine? WHY does my child HAVE to sit in PUBLIC school and be taught about your family and never see their family reflected in the teachings? WHY are you dictating to our children their lessons? Oh thats right...YOU have all the rights, yours are the only ones that count, what would happen if indeed YOUR child was teased, bullied and taunted every day and then committed suicide? Ohhhh, heads would role, but hey when its the child of a same sex couple or just a young person who discovers they are gay, it's ok? So children, I think same sex couples and families do a better job as they teach their children respect for ALL, compassion, empathy(we've been there) and to not judge or discriminate, most I know are faith based, just not fanatical based or the corporate organized   religion   type. Children are children, leave them out of this ADULT battle, you take care of yours and we'll take care of ours. We talk about the day at school, lessons learned and we discuss OUR family values in relation to, what do YOU do? The school is not where we turn to for our childrens life lessons and beliefs, your child won't poison mine with your values or beliefs, actually it's more info for my child to make INFORMED choices as they grow with guidance from us. 