#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
"Please explain how a male can possibly explain the mother instinct to a male adolescent? Please comment on the relationship a mother has with a son, if your a male?" I agree that some experiences in life are gender-specific. But there are resources available. If you are that father trying to explain a mother-son relationship, could you not use your experience as a son as an example? Hmmmmm..."Please explaine "well adjusted" and "open minded". Is one inclusive of the other? Who says so, you? The neighbor? "Yes, one is inclusive of the other. Who says so? I do. This is my forum, my opinions, so I decide.I agree that children of same sex parents or single parents lack a parent of one gender. I just don't believe that necessarily makes them "disadvantaged". There are other family members, friends, loved ones, etc. that a parent can turn to if the need arises. For myself, I can't think of a time when my gender hindered my parenting. But that's just me."Your perspective that all's a child need is love and affection is rather limited in itself. Love an affection have nothing to do with the focus of discussion so why mention it?" I certainly never stated that ALL a child needs is love and affection. Wouldn't that make this an easier world? I was simply using this as an example to illustrate that children with same-sex parents are not at a disadvantage. And I have to disagree that these things have "nothing to do with the focus of this discussion". I find as a parent, that things like love, affection, understanding, etc. help get us through a lot of life's rough parts. Don't you agree? These things are the foundation of ANY solid parent-child relationship. "Most adopted kids want to know who their biological parents are. There is a bond that is undeniable and has nothing to do with the love and kindness of another." I agree. Not sure of the relevance to this discussion, however. Seems like that is true whether the child was adapted my moms, dad, or one of each..."You talk about bigots like straights have a corner on the market."I never said any such thing. Bigots come in all shapes, sizes, and sexualities. "Waht about the gay's threatening the lives of christians? I suppsoe that's OK since they promote you agenda."I haven't heard of any gay people threatening the lives of Christians. Can you please direct me to that news story? If it has happened, I would say it's NOT okay. When's the last time you say a protest sign that said "God Hates Church-Goers" or "Kill all Baptists"??? I didn't think so. My only "agenda" is to live my life the best I can. "Or pedophiles wanting to become parents haveing close access same sex children, schools, and friends. Or do you say that this doesn't exist?" I'm not sure what your point is here. What does this have to do with bigotry? Of course pedophiles exist, and of course I don't agree with them.  