#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
If genetics is not a major factor in causing homosexuality, then it must not be a major factor in causing heterosexuality, either. The fact that most people and other sexually reproducing animals are attracted to the opposite sex must be just the result of upbringing or happenstance, not genetics. But of course we know that's not true. We fully accept that genetics control the sexual preference of heterosexuals, and that natural selection, for those who don't deny its existence, is the mechanism for the genetic predominance of heterosexuality. So if we accept that straight people are born straight because of their genes, why do so many refuse to acknowledge that gays can be born gay because of their genes? Let's be consistent.But then the question arises: How would   evolution   tolerate the continued existence of one or more gay genes, since gays seldom reproduce? I think the answer is that there is not a "gay" gene or genes and a "straight" gene or genes, but many genes that contribute to a sexual preference for males or for females, not for "same sex" or for "other sex." Usually, males get mostly the "prefer females" genes and females get mostly "prefer males" genes, but sometimes, due to chromosome crossovers, perhaps, some individuals get mostly the "wrong" genes for their sex. I mean "wrong" not in any moral sense, but only in the sense that the individual usually doesn't produce offspring and therefore tends to be a "dead end" from the standpoint of natural selection. Nevertheless, the "prefer male" and "prefer female" genes themselves continue to thrive as essential to reproduction, and ocassional crossovers continue to occur because they have many other evolutionary advantages.So while some gays may object to being considered an evolutionary dead end, it's obvious that they do tend to reproduce less frequently than straights. But all that has no relevance to their rights as human beings and as citizens. There is absolutely nothing wrong with being gay, there is probably no way to change it unless the individual's genetic predisposition is very weak, and why would anyone want to change gays to straights unless there is some compelling need to increase population growth? Since we tend to have an overpopulation problem, gays are probably better for society than straights. We need to abandon the notion that there is something deficient or morally wrong about being gay, or having dark skin, or being "just" a female. Get over it.