#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Here are a few quotes from article about APA announcement:'Gay' gene claim suddenly vanishes as American Psychological Association revises statement on   homosexuality  .At one of the main presentations several eminent researchers, including Dr. Dean Byrd and Dr. Joseph Nicholosi, challenged the APA's positions which promote homosexuality as normal and strongly discourage research into reparative types of therapy. These positions were politically charged with no basis in medical   science  , they claimed. Particularly, the "gay gene" theory has no basis in scientific fact. The APA top officials who were there seemed a bit shocked that this would be confronted so publicly, and promised to look into it. It appears that some wheels started turning.Yesterday the following article appeared in WorldNetDaily:Gay' gene claim suddenly vanishesAmerican Psychological Association revises statement on homosexualityMay 12, 2009By Bob Unruh, WorldNetDaily.comA publication from the American Psychological Association includes an admission that there is no "gay" gene, according to a doctor who has written about the issue on the website of National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality. A. Dean Byrd, the past president of NARTH, confirmed that the statement from the American Psychological Association came in a brochure that updates what the APA has advocated for years... However, in the update: a brochure now called, "Answers to Your Questions for a Better Understanding of Sexual Orientation & Homosexuality," the APA's position changed. The new statement says: "There is no consensus among scientists about the exact reasons that an individual develops a heterosexual, bisexual, gay or lesbian orientation. Although much research has examined the possible genetic, hormonal, developmental, social, and cultural influences on sexual orientation, no findings have emerged that permit scientists to conclude that sexual orientation is determined by any particular factor or factors. Many think that nature and nurture both play complex roles. ...""Although there is no mention of the research that influenced this new position statement, it is clear that efforts to 'prove' that homosexuality is simply a biological fait accompli have failed," Byrd wrote. "The activist researchers themselves have reluctantly reached that conclusion. There is no gay gene. There is no simple biological pathway to homosexuality." ..The "Berlin Wall" of propaganda may be close to coming down! My story at WWW.HOPE7.HIGHPOWERSITES.COMI consider myself a pro-family, pro-traditional marriage, pro-not teaching kids about the sin of homosexuality in public schools....Im very popular...RIGHT ON!!!