#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
The mother's book of definitions- Where can I buy one? Sounds like it is on par with Oxford dictionary. By your definition from your reputable "mother's book" a higot is - "a person who practices, by choice, the act of   homosexuality  " - How do you know that it is a choice? I guess you won't believe that homosexuality is a choice, until it is proven." That is fine, but I hope you don't also try to say that   god   is real, because he/she/it isn't proven either. Also, you claim that a higot - blames everything under the sun for their sexuality to the point of abnormal psychology." - What? Are you saying that homosexuals think that they have a mental disorder? Later, you say: "Was removing [sic] homosexuality from a mental disorder the wisest decision. NO." Because from this, it seems as though YOU think that homosexuality is a mental disorder, not the homosexuals. And I guess then, from your logic about how homosexuality is a choice, I guess all mental disorders are a choice right? ADD? PTSD? Dementia? You then go on to say- "The higot feels they are deserving of special treatment by the whole of society because they just do,period." - Um...or maybe they feel that they are deserving of not special, but EQUAL treatment because the Declaration of Independence says "all men are created equal" and the 14th amendment guarantees equal protection under the laws of this country. I guess that is the same as "just because." Right? Further, you argue that a higot is- "A person who does not see tolerance as something they must exhibit but that all others must abide by these cosmic rules;a sense of distorted reality aka homosexual bigot=higot." So... you don't exhibit tolerance to homosexuals...but you think that they, as part of all others, should tolerate/abide by the laws proclaiming the sanctity of heterosexual marriage, protection of your god, etc. Right? - So then, aren't you calling yourself a higot? It seems as though the person suffering from a distorted reality is you. By the way, I know many homosexuals who are more than tolerant that I am a heterosexual female. You also say that a higot is- "A person who will when they are questioned about their sexual choice will deny the ability to choose or willingness to admit they can change. Despite horrendous mounting evidence to the contrary." If leading a heterosexual lifestyle is uncomfortable to a homosexual person, why should they change? Forced to live a false life so you can sleep better at night? So they have to lead a life of misery to satisfy your intolerance? Further, would you like to post the links of this "mounting evidence"? I would like to see the source. Speaking of Rock Hudson you say- "They will say they are born this way and have no choice but deny the fact that people like Rock Hodson would be alive today since his first choice was a woman"- Were you personal friends with Rock? Did he tell you that his first choice was a woman? Did you ever think that he married a woman to protect his career from bigots like yourself? I suspect that is more likely what happened. You say- "They will question the authenticity of someones homosexuality if they do anything illegal or immoral ie serial rapist/murderers that are homosexual are not true homosexuals according to them." - Um...don't "straight" men distance themselves from other "straight" men who are serial rapists/murderers? That's ok right? "They feel that homosexuality cannot be taught or learned but is a birth condition, without any genetic proof of course." - Last time I checked, there is no solid proof of god, so you better not be believing in him either, because there is no solid proof. I am sure even if studies came out proving that homosexuality was genetic, you would find a reason not to believe it, just like   evolution  .You then go on to say- "teaching homosexuality to   children   in school." Umm...more like teaching TOLERANCE at school. Tolerance to accept others that are different than you. Maybe you need to go back to school, because you are clearly deficient in this area. You close with: "We should, and dare I say must, be careful when it comes to the fact our children are being hurt by this misguided and dangerous sexual movement." - I respond that we should, and dare I say must, be careful when it comes to the fact that our children are being hurt by this misguided and dangerous bigotry. 