#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Within my varied circle of friends is a lesbian couple in their early 50s who have been together for 30 years. They live in inner-suburban Sydney, Australia, where pretty much, no-one cares about the gender(s) of a couple. They are happy, stable and affluent thanks to years of hard work and long, steady careers.They have a son who has just finished high school. One of his parents is his birth mother; the other is related through the sperm of the father.Their son is a handsome, good-natured, polite, clever and amiable boy with a bright future because in a free, open society like Australia, no church overwhelms the moral judgments of the population, and he is at no disadvantage.In the US the problem is not the gender of the couple; it is the society around them that disadvantages the children. Unfortunately this kind of issue is always a numbers thing. The law moves slowly behind society - but when does any law on a moral issue precede the need or want of the population? So there has to be a critical mass of people demanding legal recognition: the pioneers. These pioneers have managed very well to raise children despite the lack of societal and legal support in the US.It has always struck me as strange that a country who is so consumed by the supposed welfare of these children is only now beginning to look at a system of universal health care that many other developed countries (e.g. UK, Sweden, Australia, Canada, France) have had for decades. Certainly there would be more harm done to US children whose families are damaged or compromised by the burden of inferior public health care or unethical insurers than anything affecting children of gay couples. The US moral masses should get their priorities right.By the way, Australia has just formally identified dozens of ways in which our current laws disadvantage gay people. Right now, these are in the process of being rewritten. It's a wonderful thing for our society. I look forward to the day when everyone is equal at law and our community is comprised of many different types of people, all contributing their diversity to a rich and elevated way of living. In Australia, it will come. In the US... well, I can't see it happening any time soon.