#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
"Yet despite this reality, we still come out."Is it despite this reality that some people come out? Or because of it? I'm not an expert (it's obvious if you read my other comments on things) but that doesn't stop me from having my own theories. Research shows   children   who are raised by   homosexual   couples are more likely to be   gay   themselves. That seems to me not an indication of increased   tolerance   but an affirmation that the social aspect is a lot more influential in a person's sexual orientation than is given credit for. That's the only theory based on evidence now hear one on experience if you would. Part I think is due to what I would call the "under dog" complex, or a separate term "emotional masochism". Take this all with a grain of salt if you would. Here in America the under dog is idolized. The valiant struggle for rights, the strength of will to be the downtrodden of   society   and emerge a "better" person than before is portrayed in hundreds of movies and real life stories. How many people want that image of themselves? I know I do and I'll gladly admit it. But I prefer to be a different kind of minority. The white male between 19-25 years of age that goes to   college   full time has a steady job gets good grades respects women and keeps a clean apartment minority. If you look at where I'm going to school you might be surprised to learn that even here being "responsible" is a rarity. As for the emotional masochism my last roommate was the perfect test case example. Allow me to explain, Up all night "studying" listening to rock music on his head phones he complains that he can't remember anything he "learns". No duh. With the same situation he complains it takes him an hour to do a math problem. No duh. (What does he do during the day you ask? Watches TV) He complains that he can't keep a steady girlfriend for some unknown reason. (He's cheated on the last 3 and news travels fast). Is there a cure to his ills? Yes there is. Have we told him when he's asked us what to do? Yes we have. Did he listen? No. Why not? The only conclusion I can find is that he likes to have this "right" to complain about how rough his life is. Although she may not like me quoting her "Livvy" had a point when she said, "Yeah...and...who hasn't?" Life is rough. Parents, good ones bless their hearts, tell you that you you have the potential to be anything you want when you grow up. Do we all really believe that?