#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
"Ms. McBride is technically correct: Prop. 8, by itself, will not require churches to perform gay weddings or schools to teach kindergarteners [sic] about same-sex marriages. Both things, however, are a logical next step."The constitution protects freedom of religion. The only motivations for banning gay marriage are religious motivations, which shouldn't be applied to all citizens, many of whom do not believe in any religion. In that light, we have no interest in letting religions regulate all of society, and we do not wish to regulate churches."Nor is it difficult to believe that noted historical figures' alleged homosexuality will make its way into high school history books, even though such figures' sexual proclivities are something that students have absolutely zero need to know."Actually, it is difficult to believe. Textbooks have to pass wide standards from many different regions which water down the content. Many would find the information objectionable (including myself, because as you say it generally does not relate at all to an historic event), and therefore I don't find no reason national textbook makers would start coming out with editions explicitly stating the sexual preference of a historical figure."What gays ultimately want is official government approval of their lifestyle."This is so wrong it's ludicrous. Prop 8 aims to take away rights from gays, and gays are fighting back in order to keep their current EQUALITY, not to gain "approval." What a joke of an argument, quite frankly."If they want to pursue that lifestyle, that's their choice (and make no mistake, it is a choice)"You're right, their lifestyle is their choice. Homosexuality, however, does not appear to be a choice according to most research. They could choose to lead a lifestyle of heterosexuality, but still be homosexual. They cannot simply wish themselves to be straight, nor should we force them to closet themselves and live lifestyles they don't find fulfillment in.If you don't believe me, and you're straight, turn gay right now. Oh, you can't? You're still attracted to the opposite sex? No matter how hard you try you can't turn gay? If it's a choice for them to be straight, it's a choice for us to be as well, and we could change our minds to be gay. I can't turn myself gay, and I think it might be hard for gays to turn straight, because it's not a simple "choice.""The government does not have to recognize it, and there is precedent for the government not recognizing relationships other than traditional marriages (polygamous unions, for instance)."Yes, because Polygamy, pedophilia, incest, and homosexuality are all the exact same thing... Honestly, do you even realize the difference between these acts? It seems like your categorization is "Traditional marriage" vs "Everything," allowing no difference between the abuse of a child and two gays consenting to a relationship.The reason polygamy between "consenting" adults is illegal is because it was a systematized way to abuse women. Although the women might have been "consenting," the whole world in which they were raised favored the men, hurt the women, and taught those disparities as the proper lifestyle. It was hard for women to break out of those oppressive relationships, and outlawing the practice was meant to protect them.Incest, while consensual, has been shown to produce offspring with a higher likelihood of genetic problems. Protecting children."To keep homosexuals from imposing their way of thinking on the rest of us, Californians should vote yes on Prop. 8."Are you kidding me? Prop 8 imposes YOUR religious views onto homosexuals, and rejection of Prop 8 is simply the rejection of that inequality."Both things, however, are a logical next step."Wrong. This slippery slope argument is so old and tired it's almost hilarious to see it used again and again in your responses. Kids aren't going to be forced to draw rainbows and say nice things about gays, nor will we impose our religious views onto your churches. You're trying to scare people into voting against this, claiming that they're not just voting against Inequality, but that they'll be voting for an overbearing government on their style of life. This is simply ridiculous.