#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
I don't need to run through the 1,183 reasons why that's wrong.As the Supreme Court stated in Loving v. Virginia:"Because we reject the notion that the mere “equal application” of a statute containing racial classifications is enough to remove the classifications from the Fourteenth Amendment's proscription of all invidious racial discriminations, we do not accept the State's contention that these statutes should be upheld if there is any possible basis for concluding that they serve a rational purpose.  The mere fact of equal application does not mean that our analysis of these statutes should follow the approach we have taken in cases involving no racial discrimination where the Equal Protection Clause has been arrayed against a statute discriminating between the kinds of advertising which may be displayed on trucks in New York City, Railway Express Agency, Inc. v. New York, 336 U.S. 106 (1949), or an exemption in Ohio's ad valorem tax for merchandise owned by a nonresident in a storage warehouse, Allied Stores of Ohio, Inc. v. Bowers, 358 U.S. 522 (1959)....  In the case at bar, however, we deal with statutes containing racial classifications, and the fact of equal application does not immunize the state from the very heavy burden of justification which the Fourteenth Amendment has traditionally required of state statutes drawn according to race."In other words, miscegenation laws were not "equal protection" even though both races were punished equally for entering an interracial marriage.  Similarly, DOMAs are not "equal protection" even though both genders are punished equally for entering a same-sex marriage because there can be said to be an invidious gender-based discrimination.  The test, then, is whether there is a "rational" basis for same-sex couples not to get married, which I contend that there is not.Or perhaps people wanting to engage in same-sex marriages should just put up and shut up with how they are already treated?  Perhaps miscegenation laws were also Constitutional?