#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Homosexuality or any sort of human sexual expression is a "sin" only in a narrowly-focused set of values. The real question to ask is, assuming you love your own individual life, would homosexual behavior on your part be a "sin", "immoral" or "unethical" according to your own set of values?Nothing genuinely factual and no consistently logical argument thus far leads to the conclusion that homosexual behavior among human beings is objectively and universally sinful, immoral, unethical. The question must always be, what does the individual value? Why? According to what factual information? According to what reason?The Judeo-Christian philosophies and religions have a long tradition, however, and despite the  claims of their adherents, they have never and never will reflect anything resembling authentically objective and universal values. They therefore cannot speak in universal terms in relation to their own group value sets, nor can they rationally compel their values on non-members of their respective groups.Whatever rights one has derives from the fact of one's own life and from nowhere else. Your own right to your life cannot be factually and logically extended to justify any "right to the life of another". Due to circumstances, one may be a liberty to compel the life of another, however, one cannot have the right to do so. No such right exists. One's own values must reign supreme in one's own life - even if those values are in some way borrowed from the values of others, however, one's own values, again, cannot be factually and logically extended to become the involuntary values of another.That homosexuality is universally a "sin" in the narrow view of Judeo-Christian-Muslim beliefs is debated even among members of those philosophies. Those beliefs, those values are not universal and cannot be argued as such. Yes, homosexuality is a sin ... to some. No, it isn't to others. If there is an ethical struggle on the issue, it is this - does one individual have any right to compel their values onto another, whether they be in support or against human homosexual behavior?Facts and logic suggest the answer to that is - no.