#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
I most certainly can and do argue that...1.) Rational [truth is] objective and spiritual truth is subjective2.) Objective truth is higher than subjective truth3.) Rational truth is higher than spiritual truthA belief is objective if it conforms to the facts of reality independent of how anyone interprets it.  Like it or not, reality is what it is regardless of what you and I and any one else thinks about it.  The key for humans is to use our senses to gather evidence about reality, and to use our rational minds to interpret that evidence and act upon it.  Francis Bacon said, "In order to control nature, you must first obey it"  (That may be a paraphrase).  This means, among other things, that you can't change the nature of reality simply by interpreting it to your liking, or denying the facts, or praying real hard for miracles.  Reality is.  Our minds simply do their best to understand it and act accordingly.  In contrast, spiritual truth as you call it is entirely subjective and has no basis whatever in the real world.  I don't see why you would argue with this assertion. As a man a faith you should agree that there is no proof for your belief in christ or even god.  The nature of faith, of which I assume you are proud, is belief WITHOUT evidence.  The fact that we make mistakes doesn't change any of this.  You are trying to argue that our fallibility as humans makes infallible faith necessary as a guard against our emotionalism, our occasional irrationality, and our inevitable errors.  Wrong.  Our numerous faiths are just as flawed as anything that humans do, you just deny it by claiming that god himself wrote your moral laws.  He did not.  Fallible people did, and fallible people like you interpret them and reinterpret them until they get the answers they want.  Everything that humans do is flawed. But with my system, the flaws can be discovered and fixed through reason.  With your system they are attributed to god and become the law for everyone no matter how ridiculous.  The problem is that belief-without-evidence leads to total subjectivity.  If you reject reality and the human perception thereof as the final standard for truth, then anything goes. Everyone can believe anything they want regardless of its incompatibility with the facts of objective reality.  And this is exactly what we see around the world.  Different religious faiths clash violently because they can't clash rationally through discourse.  When there is no objective evidence to present in support of your religious, faith-based views, all thats left to do with those who disagree is kill them.  So it has been for 5000 years (more probably).  The one truth is objective reality.  If we all accepted that, it would go a long way towards ending hate an violence in the world.  In contrast, purely subjective faith releases our worst demons (metaphorically) and gives them free reign. You say "Even many of the central principles of American constitutional government are founded in Judeo-Christian principles because these principles were thought of as special revelation, truth give to man from God that is superior to any form of truth gained through rational thought."  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Christian morality is the EXACT OPPOSITE of the US Constitution.  Christian morality is based on doing the will of god.  Obeying god is good, disobeying is bad.  The ten commandments are a list of things that we CANNOT do. The Constitution, in contrast, is based on respect for the rights of the individual human being, not on the will of any god.  The Constitution is a list of things that CANNOT BE DONE TO US.  The Constitution has the Bill of Rights, the ten commandments are the Bill of Wrongs.  The fact that these two diametrically opposed moral systems frequently draw the same the conclusions (e.g. that murder is wrong) does not change the fact that they do so for entirely different reasons.  To me murder is wrong because it violates the humanity of the victim.  To you its wrong because it violates god regardless of the victim. In short, you can't reject rationalism because humans make mistakes and then accept without question (i.e. on faith) whatever the bible says just because you believe that it's the infallible word of god.  There is no rational basis for you to believe that.  It's just your claim, and it flies in the face of overwhelming evidence against it.  And criticizing my system for being imperfect (which it is) doesn't make yours any better or more reasonable.  It just makes it more dangerous.  Sid 