#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
The sacrament of marriage is the exact reason why the laws concerning marriage were created.  We wouldn't have "marriage" as a concept if it weren't for   religion  .  Society, though, doesn't in fact encourage   children  .  If you look at Western Europe, their birth rates are well below replacement and dangerously close to societal collapse despite their natalist government policies.  The United States is leaning towards those dismal numbers itself.I am first and foremost about children in my opposition to   same-sex marriage  .  We are already seeing vast changes in culture in the states that have adopted same-sex marriage.  These states are shutting down Catholic   adoption   agencies by forcing   the law   (same-sex marriage is   legal  ) to take precedent over their religion in their adoption agencies.  Same-sex marriage starts to trample   religious freedom   even if it is "only" a legal issue.The other major cultural shift is in that a school can no longer (and religious institutions lest they violate "hate laws" or discriminate) hold up traditional opposite-sex marriage as the normal, optimal solution to a child.  Confusing children at an early age as to whether they should marry a boy or a girl is not good for children still in the development stages.  Claiming that it doesn't matter whether a child marries a boy or a girl is equivalent to   society   saying that girls are the SAME as boys.  This is patently false... men and women are EQUAL, but NOT the same.I agree that societal and attitude changes are required about marriage.  Our out-of-wedlock birthrate in the US is staggering, and the statistics about children raised in single parent households are appalling.  That being said, legalizing, and therefore societal endorsing, same-sex marriage says that our society doesn't care that a child has a mother and father.  We have taken that option off the table.  Adoption agencies are not allowed to discriminate and favor a married opposite-sex couple over a same-sex one anymore, which deprives children of a mother and father.  A same-sex couple is obviously a wonderful option for a child that is in foster care or in dire straights, but society needs to be able to favor an opposite-sex couple over a same-sex one in adoption.  A child has a right to a mother and father when it is possible.Additionally, the whole notion that it is "discrimination" is ridiculous, no offense.  Same-sex marriage is a NEW right.  Everyone has the right to marry someone of the opposite sex.  I will inevitably hear the rebuttal of how inter-racial marriages were illegal, and that is a non sequitur.  There is no difference between the races, but there are staggering differences between men and women.  Everyone has the right to marry someone of the opposite sex, but some individuals are predisposed towards someone of their sex, be it by genetics, nurture, or nature or some combination.By redefining marriage, we have not only thrown the notion that men and women are different out the window, we have necessarily changed that definition to allow anyone to marry anyone if it is consensual.  There is no reason, therefore, that three people cannot marry into a polygamous relationship if it is about consensual decisions between any persons.  There is a reason that thousands of years of human history have evolved to this point; that marriage is between a man and a woman, and that reason is being torn down.I have the utmost compassion for gays and their situation, but that does not mean I forsake my standards and ignore the consequences of such a change because of my emotional "compassion."Thanks for the discussion.