#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
I agree that it is not right to demonize gays as an entire group, or to try to portray ALL gays and lesbians as having participated in the horrible behaviors that are alluded to here.However, sin is not sin because it involves things that  we  deem to be negative. The bottom line for Believers and followers of Christ is that sin is what God says it is. Therefore, as far as the question of sin is concerned, it does not matter if gays and lesbians are monogamous or promiscuous, whether they are abusive or kind to one another. Obviously one is worse than the other in a practical sense, but since we can agree promiscuity and other misbehaviors are not characteristic of homosexuality, their presence or absence is not what makes homosexuality right or wrong.If you are a follower of Christ, in order to believe that homosexual behavior is not a sin, you must believe that the Bible is fundamentally flawed and that this secret has been hidden from God's people for all of recorded history. Every mention of homosexuality in the Scriptures clearly calls it a sin--both in the Old and New Testaments. There is no example of a homosexual relationship or behavior that is  not  called sin. No one can say that homosexuality is an expression of God's design without contradicting God's Word.You'd have to accept that despite the revelations God gave to the Biblical authors, He was never able to get past their homophobia throughout thousands of years--until this enlightened generation came along and discovered what God  really  said--nevermind that it happens to be perfectly in line with the direction of secular Western culture. The Bible says a lot about that, too."..I say it again with tears in my eyes, that there are many whose conduct shows they are really enemies of the cross of Christ.They are headed for destruction. Their god is their appetite..." Philippians 3:18-19God's Word is not always convenient for us where we find ourselves, but He is the only one who is good and we can trust Him with our lives--and our sexuality. I struggle with homosexuality and submitting that to God is not always easy or convenient for me--but God has the right to demand obedience that goes against my nature. Which He demands of us all, by the way."anyone who does not take his cross and follow me is not worthy of me. Whoever finds his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life for my sake will find it." Matthew 10:38-39"...live by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the sinful nature. For the sinful nature desires what is contrary to the Spirit, and the Spirit what is contrary to the sinful nature. They are in conflict with each other..." Galatians 5:16-17