#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
 I may be from California but Im slow as a Texan, no cut to Texas because life is slower there and alot of good people live out there,but really, they take forever to make a point though, but good people. I love Elton John but before I would tell him to his face that his civil union is somehow not as significant as a   marriage   lisence Id personally stand a foot away,not implying hed react adversely, well I guess I am arent I. Can I ask you a question? Why do you want to be married? If its for rights, why arent you soliciting to increase your rights within civil   unions  /domestic partnerships instead of destroying traditional marriage,dont even bother denying it,what would it profit you to have a lisence vs a city hall partnership agreement form? Your agrument quote: Legally that name would be the only difference between Civil Unions and Marriage... so why call it something different? end quoteYou answer that one? Why indeed would you fight so hard for just a name? And as far as the comments about adultresses having the same rights not being the same as a homosexuals rights is wrong and you and I and the whole world knows it! Marriage as we have it now is set up for the betterment of a   society   in order to have stable homes that will provide those within them security to thrive and grow and become productive individuals and thereby profit the whole community and our country to accept ssm will do just the opposite and again you know it, I know, and the whole world knows it. I feel like you are not serious about marriage but more serious about hurting someone you feel is your problem and standing in the way. I probably wont change to firefox, dont know where to get it anyway. I do apologize for my spelling, its horrible, I could put it on word and do spell check first and then on here but Im too lazy. As far as the swimsuit comment its as likely to be a cover of SPORTS ILLUSTRATED sexy swimsuit edition or Hugh Hefners Bunny of the Year as to be able to put   oil   and water together perm. or as to be a practicing homosexual claiming to be authentic Christian because a sincere Christian would not, could not, live the homosexual lifestyle simply because as a born again believer living by the power of the Holy Spirit you would not consistently disobey every fiber of that Holy Spirits direction which that lifestyle would embody. Again sorry for spelling. Could you be so kind as to over look it?