#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
I'm not going to bash the question, because it's an interesting one. However, the question of "is someone born gay" deserves a "no" response because in my opinion, nobody can be born gay because that makes it seem like being gay is genetic which I don't think is true. It's a way of life that someone chooses by influences like people in their lives, cultural icons, personal decision, and quite possibly a psychological issue(s).The way of life has gay people "down there" and straight as "up there". In other words, it's taboo to be gay in some people's point of view. Religious   bible   thumpers say it goes against everything in the Good Book that   marriage   is a sacred unity between a man and a woman. Whatever the case may be, the person already in "confusion" about him/herself will only be feeling more confused. The influence of a celebrity, person in their life, or another icon will make them feel like "Yeah... I can be just like them. Free." This is a matter of choice.Another way someone may become gay is by personal decision. Following up on influences, someone may just decide for themselves because they may think it's best for them. The person may just have no desire for females or males, but may have desire for those of their own gender. Of course, if the person is a total worshipper of celebrities and outside influences, this is a decision made on their own.One last way a person may become gay is because he/ she might have a psychological problem. I know this paragraph will spark controversy, but I do believe this is a way that someone might become gay. The child growing up might not have had much of a male/ female influence around them growing up, and they may have "turned" at an early age because of it. And yes when I say "turned" I say that they swayed sexually. I do believe that too much male influence on a female side at a young age, can program the girls' brain into being more "male-oriented" in result making her a lesbian and making her attracted to other gay females. And vice versa on the male side making him "gay" attracted to other gay males. The thinking that someone is born gay isn't preposterous, but just not correct in my opinion. If being gay was in fact genetic, I'm pretty sure that discovery would have been discovered by now. I lean towards no because I strongly believe it is a personal decision made by the person to become gay.