#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
I think you might be missing a logical factor of your argument. You've pointed out there's a 50/50 representation in college. I've taken biology, anatomy and physiology, and a major's worth of psychology classes, and done as well as the males. Science classes are a prerequisite, and women and men are passing them equally. So, since they show the same aptitude for the same subjects on the lower levels, something must be stepping in to select for a career in the sciences.I read an account by a female scientist with two email accounts, one with her initials, one with her name. Colleagues assumed the account with the initials was male and kept that account in the loop with news and rumors; they ignored the one with her first name on it. It wasn't that they didn't like or know her; they didn't like or know the other account either. That's one example of how your career as a scientist is defined by passive discrimination in a publish-or-perish field where your colleagues are all-important. I'm sure how you can see a similar effect might chip in at the grad student level. So if I had a college-age daughter, I would tell her that she could succeed just like the men, but she could expect people telling her that she couldn't do it and trying to undercut her.I also have to argue with your use of "traditional" marriage. I know I bring up the Victorians a lot, but go read "Oliver Twist." Maybe just the first few chapters. Adults starved and jailed and beat tiny children in the Victorian era and thought nothing of it; children weren't the purpose of marriage, as people claim now. Marriage was all about social and economic stability. Children were just a side result and you only needed one male to survive to be your heir and social bargaining chip. (It's in the Bible; children are not treasure, but a "quiver full" of arrows.) Today's view of children as all-important is a modern luxury, not a traditional function.In my view, Western marriage evolved from "one man with as many wives as he could afford" to "one man with one wife whose property he owned" to "one man and woman who could keep her property" to "one man and one woman who could divorce him and still keep custody." Marriages also shifted from arranged to love matches. And homosexual marriage was around for the British and French in the early Middle Ages, the Picts, and the Romans until it was banned as a political move. Given the  bigger picture, I see no reason not to bring it back today.Oh, I'm loving this discussion too. You're the opposite of me, and usually such people don't have your calm, for some odd reason. :D