#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
I'm judging from your picture that you're pretty young. When arguing a particular point, it's all fine and good to say something is your opinion. That's fine, you can have opinions. The problem is when those opinions fly in the face of facts, evidence, and expert testimony.You've been exposed to as much "gay" influence as your peers. What makes some gay and some straight? We're all inundated in the same cultural soup--why is it affecting us randomly, if not for the random facts of our biology.You're confusing biological with genetic. Not all things biological are related to one's genetic code. Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, for example, has real, physical affects that aren't related to the genes of the person carrying it. The evidence studied indicates several factors that tie sexual orientation with biological characteristics. Birth order, for one--Women who give birth multiple times have lower levels of certain hormones in their womb by baby number 3 or 4. That's why, and this has been studied and confirmed, the more older siblings you have when you're born, the more likely it is that you'll end up a homosexual--at least, for men.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biology_and_sexual_orientation   is a good list of all the studies that have been done regarding the biological factors in sexual orientation.As for it being a choice--certainly, we choose what we do with our genitals in most circumstances. However, we don't really get to choose what sets us off--what sort of person gets our motor running. Historically of course,   homosexuality   was a very, very different thing than it is today. But trust me when I say that it's been around forever--not just since celebrity culture has come about, it's seen in most   animals   studied--not just humans, and for most of human history it's been a societal norm--not an act of deviance, but something most everyone did at one point or another. Anyways, take a look at some of the   science   behind it.