#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Jeffrey Curley-Age 10 when he was targetted and lured away from his front yard at his home by two practicing homosexual men who then brutally raped and killed him. They put a gasoline soaked rag in his mouth to keep him quiet. That was after they forced him to watch the NAMBLA web site of men having sex with little boys. He died from asphixiation. They also brutally raped him. His parents tried to sue NAMBLA but the ACLU was too much for them.Jason Shepherd story at:  http://www.worldnetdaily.com/index.php?fa=PAGE  .view&pageId=82111 He was intentionally given a date rape drug and murdered by a practicing homosexual. Read about his tragic story.May 29, 2008Allen's parents, Joe and Marion, founded Hope for the Broken Heart after his tragic   murder   at the hands of his gay lover. They have spoken at Exodus International events.When Bart was struggling with unwanted homosexual feelings, he sought out a counselor for help. The counselor, however, told him he was born gay. According to Joe and Marion, "When Bart came out of her office, he looked like he had been given a death sentence. I know this lady did not realize what she was doing ... but she had told him he was born gay. She told him we were doing him an injustice by telling him this was wrong and he needed to go back [to the homosexual lifestyle].Bart Allen did go back to   homosexuality  , but he couldn't accept it. His lover, however, refused to accept the fact that Bart wanted to leave homosexuality behind. While Bart was asleep, his partner strangled him to death with a dog leash.Stephen Black- Harssement for being an EX-GAY.Stephen is an Oklahoman who has struggled with unwanted SSA. He doesn't like referring to himself as "ex-gay" but he confirms that there is growing evidence of widespread harassment of individuals who openly reject a gay identity.Jesse Dirkhising story at:  http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/ar  ...TICLE_ID=29026 To brutal to tell you..read it for yourself. 13 yo boy bound, drugged and gagged and used as a sex toy for five long hours until he eventually died. The men who killed him said they did nothing wrong because they burned candles and played soothing music and it was all a love scene and they meant no harm. Too late for Jesse but not too late for other boys in this country!And the story of Mary Stachowicz:By Barbara KralisMary Stachowicz was willing to, and did, catechize the Word of God and she was brutally murdered for her beliefs. The   hate crime   was committed on November l3, 2002, the feast day of St. Frances Cabrini, virgin, first U.S. saint to be canonized.Mary, the gentle, devout 51 year old Catholic mother of four asked a Chicago homosexual man, Nicholas Gutierrez, 19, "Why do you want to have sex with boys instead of girls?" Gutierrez said she began to counsel him about his lack of good direction in life.The disordered Gutierrez confessed to the   crime   during a videotaped   interrogation   and explained he became furious when Stachowicz asked him the question. He then brutally punched and kicked Mary until he was exhausted; next, he mutilated her body with multiple stab wounds.While Mary was still alive, he shoved a garbage bag over her head, strangled her, and jammed her body into the crawl space under the floor of his Chicago apartment, which was above at the Sikorski Funeral Home where they both worked. The Funeral Home is right across the street from Mary's parish, where moments before she had received Holy Communion. Her mutilated body was discovered three days after she was slaughtered.Mrs. Mary Stachowicz, a Polish translator, was witnessing her well-formed Catholic conscience and was murdered for it. She performed the appropriate Spiritual Work of Mercy...instruct the ignorant, admonish the sinner.JOHN DOE-raped and killed by a practicing homosexual when he refused to have sex with him was beaten and thrown from a moving train 2-6-1980 between Yuba CITY, California and Live Oak at a place called LOMO CROSSING!ME GL -attacked at my home and later at   college   after witnessing John Does murder and writing letters to SACRAMENTO LEGISLATORS about a bill that would offer more protections to homosexual teachers and had my life threatened was told I would be put in jail if I spoke of this crime and was told my boys would be killed if I told about what they did to me, not including sexual harassment both hetero and homo...by two college professors at YUBA COLLEGE IN MARYSVILLE CALIFORNIA March 1988 Story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com   and my book the CHOICE.