#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Of course, preference for homosexual relationships has a genetic origin just as any other sort of sexual behavior, however, genetic predisposition for certain behaviors does not imply one will or ought to act on that predisposition. Genetics simply sets the parameters of a life, it does not dictate which choices one will make in behavior within those parameters. Genetics establishes the available choices. It is up to you to actually make the choice. There is no doubt, although a heterosexual prefers the opposite gender as a sexual partner, they are at least capable of choosing differently. Homosexuality, bisexuality or asexuality are options open to them. All that limits their choices is their thinking and emotions and, of course context. So too the homosexual or the asexual. Although the homosexual prefers the same sex or the asexual no sex at all, the first can conceivably choose sexual relations with a different gender given a different frame of mind and a different context and the asexual could conceivably choose to have sex given those same conditions. Genetics originates the preference and specific available choices but it does not dictate the specific behaviors within one's power to choose among alternatives. No one is necessarily  constrained by preference unless they choose to be which, if you think about it, isn't constraint at all. Genetically-rooted preference for sex with the same gender or the opposite gender or something else entirely isn't a collar around anyone's neck, however, the genetic need to consume fuel and fluid and air to continue living is a leg iron locked to us all.None of this is to say, as many critics of homosexuality, asexuality, bisexuality or any other type of sexual behavior OTHER than heterosexuality are want to do, that because one CAN choose a heterosexual lifestyle that one MUST choose it. That a predisposition toward homosexuality still allows freedom to choose a different lifestyle isn't criticism against homosexuality any more than freedom of choice in one's heterosexuality is criticism of that lifestyle. Heterosexuals can choose homosexual or bisexual or asexual behavior even if they usually don't and believe they never will. One cannot claim the ability to predict all future choices given the truth that no one can predict all the future contexts in which one will find oneself. No, that one can choose which preferences one expresses through behavior isn't automatic criticism of any particular choice in the set of alternatives.Many among critics of homosexuality claim the lifestyle to be "unnatural" which is nonsensical because, by definition, anything one can do is necessarily natural. One cannot do something that is "outside of nature" because there is no "outside". All that we have done, do or will do is natural and cannot be otherwise. Second, these persons also point out that homosexuality is non-reproductive and therefore a threat to the survival of the species. This could only be true if "survival of the species" were a duty on the head of every individual. It clearly is not. "Species" is an abstract concept. It is not something that exists in and of itself. It is merely a way of speaking of all human individuals as a set. That there IS a human species in no way implies there MUST be a human species and therefore each individual human being has the duty to reproduce. Reproduction and the reason why one chooses to reproduce are always individual and relative to one's own life. There is no inescapable necessity to make children. Certainly, if the human species comes to an end it would be a tragedy for human beings but we can be quite satisfied nature and life on Earth will continue with or without human beings. Human beings are certainly an element of nature but cannot claim to be an essential element of nature. Sexual behavior CAN be reproductive but there is no implication it MUST be reproductive and certainly no implication it must ALWAYS be reproductive. Even most heterosexuals enjoy non-reproductive sex. All in all, if all human sexual behavior were necessarily reproductive, the Earth would swiftly become overrun by human beings OR human beings would severely limit their sexual behavior to limit the creation of more like them for practical reasons - not religious ones. Of course, there is much reason to insist that human beings restrict reproduction for practical reasons already. In light of those quite obvious practical concerns, one would expect human cultures to embrace non-reproductive and non-heterosexual sex rather than continually criticizing them. But, perhaps, the criticism of non-reproductive sex is merely the noise of the squeakiest wheels on the cart rather than the opinion of the majority.