#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt
#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
Looks like you blindly took those to garner support.Well I guess looks can be deceiving. Shellfish:"But all in the seas or in the rivers that do not have fins and scales, all that move in the water or any living thing which is in the water, they are an abomination to you." (Leviticus 11:10)"They (shellfish) shall be an abomination to you; you shall not eat their flesh, but you shall regard their carcasses as an abomination." (Leviticus 11:11)"Whatever in the water does not have fins or scales; that shall be an abomination to you." (Leviticus 11:12)A girl who is raped must be put to death:If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a man find her in the city, and lie with her;Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbor's wife. Deuteronomy 22:23-24Selling you daughter into slavery:When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. If she does not please the man who bought her, he may allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. And if the slave girl's owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave girl, but he must treat her as his daughter. If he himself marries her and then takes another wife, he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife. If he fails in any of these three ways, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment."(Exodus 21:7-11 NLT)Is this enough, or would you like me to keep going. Do not forget Jake that I go to church every week, so I know plenty about Christianity.As far as racism in the LDS church, how about we just look to Brigham Young?"Shall I tell you the law of God in regard to the African Race? If the White man who belongs to the chosen seed mixes his blood with the seed of Cain, the penalty, under the law of God, is death on the spot. This will always be so.Cain slew his brother. . . and the Lord put a mark upon him, which is the flat nose and black skin.You see some classes of the human family that are black, uncouth, uncomely, disagreeable and low in their habits, wild, and seemingly deprived of nearly all the blessings of the intelligence that is generally bestowed upon mankind. The first man that committed the odious crime of killing one of his brethren will be cursed the longest of any one of the children of Adam. Cain slew his brother. Cain might have been killed, and that would have put a termination to that line of human beings. This was not to be, and the Lord put a mark upon him, which is the flat nose and black skin. Trace mankind down to after the flood, and then another curse is pronounced upon the same race--that they should be the 'servant of servants;' and they will be, until that curse is removed."Mormons used this, and other racist statements made by leaders of the Church, as a reason to oppose interracial marriage.As for forcing people to marry, that is exactly what you said. You said that a homosexual could get married, just not to someone of the same sex. This means that if they want to marry the have to marry someone they don't want to. Now lets take the religion out of this, why should we change the definition of marriage for a select few?You want to take religion out of it? It's about time.Marriage is a social construct. That means it was created by people, and as such it is in our power to change it. We now know that not everyone is born heterosexual, but in fact many people are born homosexual. If marriage is defined as between only a man and a woman, these people are excluded from starting a family of their own. In addition, homosexuals make up more than "a select few" and therefore it affects millions of people in the U.S. At the same time, extending the definition of marriage to include homosexuals, would have absolutely no effect on the marriage of straight couples. In this sense marriage isn't being changed at all. Homosexuals should be allowed to marry because love knows no gender.Give me a reason why homosexuals should raise children. And I'm tired of hearing about that friend of yours, give me an actual reason. You are the one who wants change you should have to answer my question first.Actually, in most places it was not illegal for homosexual couples to adopt. Then people started making laws against it. These laws were declared unconstitutional, but people then passed amendments. In this sense you are wrong about me wanting the change, however, I will still back up my point.Homosexuals should be allowed to adopt because they have been shown to be equally capable parents through numerous studies source. Therefore, homosexual parents would be a great group of people to adopt orphans, and therefore there would be less foster children. In addition, people should have the right to raise a family. Since no harm is done by homosexual parenting, there is no reason to outlaw adoption by homosexuals.Jake you claim that you do not "take everything from the bible literally and blindly"? and yet you still fail to give me reasons why homosexuality is wrong that are not religious. I can only interpret this to mean you have no reasons. Therefore you are forcing your religion on others. For someone who claims to be patriotic, this is the least American action I have heard in a long time.Edit:I forgot one more Bible quote. It's one of my favorites: