#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
I know this is a discussion on gay marriage but I felt like I had to jump in here. I am gay and I think I should have the same rights and resposibilities as everyone else. I am also a child protection worker and have some experience as part of the government you rail against. I think you would agree there has to be intervention from our government and society when you see a child that was not merely spanked but beaten, burned and emotionally scared from abuse. What people don't realize is that no one is going to go after them if a child is spanked once in awhile or disciplined harshly. If there was a mark left, then there is a problem. Trust me, no one is going to tell you how to parent your child unless you are hurting your child which is against the law of our land and agreed upon by our society. It is incredibly hard to balance laws and acceptable society norms when investigating child neglect. "The government" or child protective services is often caught in the untenable position of "damned if you do, damned if you don't" when either a child has been found to be severely abused or child protection investigates parents that did nothing wrong. To make matters worse very little information about any case can be released to the public because people have privacy rights as they should. I suppose this will always be an arguement with folks that have had no experience or bad experiences with protective services. The fact is protective services investigates and works with hundreds of thousands of cases a year where families were helped and given resources or kids were saved from further abuse and neglect. I will tell you one thing, I love my job because I get to work with families to make thier lives better and I wouldn't trade it for the world. I am not the monster that wants to steal your children as is often portrayed in the media. I also have been a parent and stood on that line where the three year old pushes you to your limits and you stand there in a haze of anger and you want to hit him. Some people hit him, some people don't and then some people beat him to within an inch of his life or further. There are choices and then there are consequences for those choices. By the way, I am no longer a parent because my kids could only be adopted by one same-sex parent and she took them out of state when we split up. I have no legal recourse. No marriage or civil-union, no parental rights or joint adoptions.