#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
ok.  so let me get this straight (no pun intended).  everyone who copied the bible from its original manuscripts just happened to leave out the 'pro-homosexual' verses?  hmm.  it's a conspiracy i see.  just like who really killed JFK.i'm sorry buckeye ... but are you serious?  that's how you answer my questions, by telling me that some bigoted people back in the day took the pro-gay verses out of the bible because they hated homosexuals?  well, why hasn't anyone ever gone back to the original documents - cause some are still around - and put back in the verses that were taken out?  i mean that would seem like a logical thing to do.you make a point that there are many 'men of GOD' who are married and yet come out later to be gay.  but honestly, i question them on that - and that's probably a whole other debate.  still, i highly would debate david being gay.  question: if david was gay, how do you deal with his lust and sexual encounter with bathsheba?  i don't know many self-proclaimed gay guys that go after women as well - do you?according to my bible - which is a common one among all Christians - this is what it says about johnathan's love for david:  johnathan loved david as he loved himself (1 samuel 20:17).  but isn't that the same command Jesus gave to all of us in new testament (mark 12:31)?next, i would like to also state that if you were to look at my post, no where do i ever state that homosexuality "is more of a sin than" anything else.  no where.  so please don't put words into my mouth - post.  i know full well that homosexuality is not the greatest sin.  last time i checked all sin is sin - regardless of who does it and what occurs.i agree with you that GOD loves everyone.  so true.  but don't forget that GOD is also a just and righteous GOD, and therefore HE also hates sin.  i'm a sinner.  you're a sinner.  we're all sinners (romans 3:23).  GOD doesn't hate me (the sinner) but HE does hate my sin.  this is truth - its all throughout scripture.when i speak, i am not judging you (or homosexuals) in the way that you are referring to (judge not lest ye be judged).  i do suggest though that you know the scripture before you use it against someone.  what Jesus is talking about is judging people from a hypocritical spirit/mindset - basically being self-righteous.  here's an example:  if i condemned you for sinning and said that you needed to be perfect like me, that would be judging like we're not suppose to.  because i'm not perfect.  but if i called you out on a sin, acknowledging that i too need accountability in my life for sins, than i am not judging.in fact if you are a christian, i have a right to call you out on doing something wrong just like you have a right to call me out (1 corinthians 5:12, proverbs 27:17).if you are not a christian - which i am not saying you are either way, cause i don't know - but if you're not, and you are offended by what i have written, i am sorry for offending you.  its not my intent to argue (nor am i arguing) - though i also will not back down from defending the truth.i have spent many years within this issue.  i feel confident about where i stand and where to draw the line between fact and fiction.  and by the way, i would appreciate you answering my questions, if you wouldn't mind.  thanks.