#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Hi all,I dont wanna write down all the scripture in the word of God, the holy bible, that clearly states that this is a sin, however I do wanna share this. God gives people who want out of this life, understanding, as he did for me. I believe one can be free from feelings, it takes work.  We are all built with a conscience. And something inside of me knew gay feelings were wrong at a young age, I just didnt know why. The church never told me it was wrong, society, or people, I just knew. I think we all can try to remember those first emotions. And so its all ungodly emotions.  Relationships become co-dependant, and we use others to fulfill the pain. Whether its sex or relationship. Nothing is good in homosexuality..Nothing..it's call disfunctional, and can be healed.If you're gay, you understand hurt..and rejection..fear...disappointment..guilt..anger..being left out and misunderstood. A gay lifestyle offers many promises. Freedom, independence, pride, sympathetic understanding, compassion, fulfilled desires, honesty. Being honest about our feelings is so important. Unlike others, the homosexual has struggled through two traumatic births: the natural birth, and the personal birth of self-acceptance. Both passages are marked by pain and great labor, but the product of the natural birth doesn't remember. The product of the personal birth remembers always. However, a Cruel Deception torments the gay community. Once the "birth" is accomplished and the person comes out of the closet, the promises are not kept. At first there may be relief, pleasure, and the euphoria of belonging. But can the gay lifestyle ever satisfy the deepest desires and longings of the homosexual man or woman? Could all that freedom, pride and sexual activity be covering up feelings? At best, it brings temporary diversion. At worst unfortunately, it brings despair and death. Why? Because those desires, longings, hurts, and fears are common to humanity and are the result of living in a fallen world. Everyone is affected, and only God can save, heal, and satisfy. We must realize that in most instances, the attraction for the same sex begins before the age of ten and is usually non-sexual, emotional, and involuntary. This brings confusion, fear, and guilt on a young person who is already feeling rejected and unworthy, and increases the need for affirmation. It is very common to experience injured, rejected femininity or insecure masculinity. With sexual maturity, the needs become eroticized and the sexual desire is strong because it is linked to the emotions.  Sexual activity then becomes a way to feel loved and affirmed, and becomes addictive; we cover the pain with pleasure; we idolize someone like us and are esteemed by them; there is some relief from identity confusion, and we can defy, and have some refuge from, a hostile society. But, has this really dealt with the buried emotions, or are we caught in a pattern of behavior that covers them? There is a strong connection between buried feelings and sexual complusion. God has shown all those who have gotten free that all this was changeable, and He wants to go through the process with you. He wants you to experience the intimacy with Him that overcomes all addictive behavior. You will never have intimacy that can compare with the intimacy with God, who loves and cares for you. God does not want to judge you, He wants to save, forgive, deliver, heal, restore, comfort, renew - all the things that only He can do. For these wonderful things to happen, you will need another birth...the spiritual birth. We all do, because we are fallen, and a fallen world has imposed wounds, fears, alienation and identity confusion on us, and we reacted in sinful ways to compensate, console, and protect ourselves. Jesus Christ came for that very reason, to save the lost and helpless. Come to him and let him do his marvelous work in your life..Let His Love heal the wounds; let His goodness dispel the fears; let his presence replace the loneliness; let his grace and mercy cover all your sins, and let Him give you a new identity as His child. He wants to be your Heavenly Father and give you peace, joy, and security that so many have found. "For the Lord is good; His mercy is everlasting, and His truth endures to all generations." Psalm 100:5