#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
I'm sure that my lack of unprovable statistics and supportive scripture will make it easy for my contribution to this discussion to be scoffed at. However, I have been reading every one's insight from top of this page to the bottom, regarding whether or not people choose to be gay and I just had to   add   my two cents, for what it's worth.  My brother, Michael was a year and a half younger than me. But we were best friends. We did everything together. From the time he was about five I remember people in my family making comments about how  Michael was going to be gay when he grew up. At 5, people could tell. He didn't even know what   sex   or being gay even meant.  To make a long story short, I came home from   school   one day. Michael had stayed home sick. My parents were at work. I walked into the room that we shared together and found my brother, my best friend, hanging from the rafter. He was only 13 and he committed   suicide  . The reason? Well the note he had left on his pillow, which was very obviously stained in his tears, said, and I quote "I just cant take this life anymore. I have been trying to pretend that I was not gay since I first knew what gay meant. I've tried for years, but I am. Everyone knows it. I hate it. Im afraid people will beat me up or worse. Every morning i cry in the shower knowing I have to go to school again and spend my day being laughed at by girls and insulted by the guys. I wished to God not to be gay.  But God didn't answer. For the few people in my life who know Im gay and still arent disgusted by me, Im sorry if I hurt you. But it hurts too much and gay boys are weaklings. Im 13 and every second of my life is consumed by feelings of guilt, shame, fear, and disgust for myself. The average life span is somewhere in the 70's. That thought of knowing I may have another 60 years of this was just more than I could bare. Mom, dad, and Caleb (that's me) I love you guys and I don't want you guys to have to explain to people that you are related to a fag. I should have done this sooner for you guys..I love you.  Michael."  That was my brothers complete suicide letter. Does this sound like a person who made a choice to be gay? You could tell from 5 and he was sorry that we his family had to be related to a fag. Debates like this one will go on forever. As for me, you can lay all the studies, statistics, polls, and arguments in the world in front of me. But my brother's very short life is all the proof I need to know that people absolutely have no choice whether to be gay or straight. And 1 more small thought I'd like to put out there. What about child molesters? If being gay is a choice, is being a pedophile a choice too?