#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
Where did   the law   come from?  I don't know, and I appreciate your thoughtful explanation, but you have made a large number of assumptions in your argument.  Unfortunately, my profound skepticism and love for the truth prevents me from accepting your assumptions outright without any evidence or explanation of why you think it's safe to make them.  So if you truly want to convince me, and I honestly am open-minded, you will need to give me some more information about these assumptions.  For clarity's sake, I will go through each of your paragraphs in order and ask questions where I need more clarification.  1.  First of all, I was not aware that the concept of marriage would not exist without   religion  .  Can you please give me some more information about which religion invented the concept of marriage, or perhaps point me in the direction of where you learned this?  I have not learned this in my studies, which admittedly have not been exhaustive.  As for birth rates, I am familiar about the low birth rates in some countries, but I do not see what that has to do with gay marriage.  If I had to guess, I would think that you mean to say that countries that are less religious have fewer   children  , but I do not see how that relates to the legality of gay marriage.  Remember, this debate is about whether gay marriage should be   legal  , not about religious views on gay marriage.  If you want to argue that laws should be based on religion you are welcome to do so, but I'm not a huge fan of theocracy myself.  I am a huge fan of the US Constitution, personally.  2.  I am not familiar with the shocking violation of   religious freedom   that you mention here, and would like to read more about it.  Could you provide a little more detail so I can do some research?  Names of the agencies involved, name of a court case, which state/time period... any of these things would help me to find more detail about the cases involved.  3.  "Confusing children at an early age as to whether they should marry a boy or a girl is not good for children still in the development stages."  In this statement you have assumed two things a) if it is legal for homosexuals to marry, children will be confused about who they want to marry, and b) such confusion is harmful to the child in a way that you did not specify.  This may be correct, but again I have not seen the evidence, could you tell me where I could read more about these claims?  "Claiming that it doesn't matter whether a child marries a boy or a girl is equivalent to   society   saying that girls are the SAME as boys."  Here, you have inadvertantly committed a logical fallacy.  The two claims are not equivalent.  Here, I'll show you:  "It doesn't matter if a business owner is a woman or a man.  Therefore, women and men are the same."  The two are not equivalent.  If you think they are, do you mean to suggest that women should not be allowed to own small businesses?  Of course not, you made no such claim because the scientific that men and women are not biologically identical is not the same thing as a society standard about what men and women should or should not be allowed to do.  4.  I'm sorry, I did not say that changes in societal attitudes are required.  I do not think that I have the right to dictate what others are allowed to believe.  I do have personal standards which differ from the most common societal views, but I do not really feel compelled to demand that others change their views to be like me.  As much as I'd love for us to agree about something :)  Your notion that something being legal means that society "endorses" it confuses me, if you care to clarify this position I'd love to hear it.  And the rest of this paragraph appears to be your complaints about   adoption     law  .  As I mentioned in my original post, if you think the adoption laws should be changed, then you're in the wrong place.  This debate is about whether homosexual couples should be allowed to get married, not about whether they should be allowed to adopt children.  If you feel that's a problem, why aren't you against gay adoption?  Why gay marriage?  And finally, it's great that you care about the rights of children, but all children do have a mother and father, as far as I know... maybe I missed human cloning coming into vogue?  I think you mean to say that you think all children have the right to be raised the way that you think is most appropriate.  Do you also feel that we should enact laws dictating how parents are allowed to raise children?  It's fine with me if you do, I'm just trying to understand your argument.  (this was too long, so there will be a part 2)