#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
"Rational moral truth is based on the observation that people are all basically the same, that they have the same fundamental physical, psychological, and spiritual needs (by "spiritual" I do NOT mean, religious or supernatural. I merely mean needs that are not physical)."This understanding of human sameness or shared anthropology is incomplete precisely because you leave out the actual spiritual element of man yet give the illusion that it is included.  The idea that all people are basically the same, i.e.. created equal (again something only guaranteed  by God), is a Biblical idea.  One could suppose that in a modern rationalistic society why would we put so much stock in a principle from a "dusty old book?"  Perhaps because this dusty old book is right.  You include the physical, biological or bodily part of man (Gk. Soma) and the psychological part (Gk.psyche), but by defining spiritual by something that it is not you actually fail to give an adequate definition which is to state which that thing is.  Equating spiritual needs to "merely...needs that are not physical" fails to distinguish between what is actually a spiritual need and what could also be a emotional need or a psychological need which can also not be considered physical in the biological sense.  The implication of this vaguely communicated idea of spiritual need actually leaves out the real essence of spiritual need.  This is necessary to fit the paradigm of "live and let live" because such a structure of apparent moral law fails to account for the totality of the human experience not just in the individual human experience but in the communal as well.  It is incapable of doing so because the motive is not the ultimate concern for the common good but an excuse of the individual to unconcern them self with the good of the other.  As the concept "live and let live" is shaped by the humanistic framework of individuals operating as laws unto themselves, it fails.  When, as was originally meant in the phrase "live and let live," it is to literally do unto others as you would have them do unto you there is a change for hope.  Here the common good and the good of the neighbor is established.  It is not about how little should be done (tolerate, mind your own business about the life of others) but what should be done (how can I love my neighbor in this circumstance, what does it mean to love my neighbor?).  This is the a central teaching of Jesus Christ and of Christianity.  The modern   evolution   of the idiom however, has scarce remembrances of this original meaning and fails precisely because, again, it does not take into account the breadth of human experience both individually and communally (and is unequipped to address the full experience because its own ethos makes such parts and judgments of others off limits) and has no concern for the common good (because likewise the good cannot be established because the ethos of the modern "live and let live" make such judgments impossible).  I should clarify by judgments I don't intend to imply being judgmental  but rather only the ability to judge whether the actions, motives and intentions of the other are morally right or wrong according to the Good.  Compare:"Live and let live, i.e. Do as you would be done by..."-1678, English Proverbs"Live and let live is a pretty good philosophy. If the guy in the next lane isn't buckled up, why not leave him alone?" (2001, Washington Times)Both quotes acquired from the The Oxford Dictionary of Proverbs.[See also my other post, "Christ...fully reveals man to himself."]Secondly, you further beg the question, i.e. provide a circular argument, by stating that live and let live is good because watching people live and let live (without the ability to harm others) is good because you have observed it so.  You then conclude, therefore, that homosexuality is not morally wrong.  This is Non Sequitur; where the logic of your agrument does not follow from the premise to the conclusion offered.  Peace and Happy New Year,Spencer