#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Of course, "sin" is a word whose definition is subject to individual point of view. "Sin" is necessarily narrow-minded. What you or even most consider "sin" is no implication an individual does or MUST define it the same way or even use the term at all.I myself have no need of the concept of "sin". In my view, in light of fact and logic, in light of what I value and my own personal goals, a thing is either rational or irrational. If there were a "sin" in my view, it would be anything I think, feel, say or do that contradicts my own values and goals. What may or may not be a "sin" in my book in no way implies what it is or must be to another. There are no doubt values and goals you hold that I would judge as "sinful" in my view, however, my view is no more an imperative in your life than yours is in mine or the lives of others.Keep in mind the fact that "society", in general and as you seem to be using it, necessarily includes ALL views, not simply yours or those of the abstract "majority". "Majority" does not equate to "society" although every society indeed has a majority opinion that is continually changing. That I am a member of "society" in general means that society approves of all of my views, however, it also means that some members of that same "society" do not. That I am a member of "society" does not imply I am a member of "majority" but, being a member outside of the majority does not imply my viewpoint is incorrect or that of the majority necessarily correct. Might does not imply right, nor does right necessarily come with might. Being an abstract, "society" can neither approve nor disapprove of anything. Only individual members of society can do that. "Society" is simply a term to refer to all individuals who consider themselves members of it. No doubt, my views exclude me from your definition of "society", however, your views exclude you from mine and from the definition by others of the same. You must always keep in mind that, although you are a member of a group, you may or may not have the justification to speak for the group as a whole. Because you believe a thing to be a "sin" or because the majority of a group believe a thing to be a sin does not imply the entire group believes it to be a sin or must.