#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Your idea only states you do not believe homosexuality is wrong. You hold the ground that you and only people who believe like you are "thoughtful." I guess it is fair to conclude you believe heterosexual rape is "okay" ans not a sin as well. You obviously haven't studied the subject of sin period. I have a good link to my page that I wrote, regarding to what sin is, check it out here:    http://innovationapologetics.blogspot.com/2008/09/sin-what-is-it.html   Yes, Romans 1 is talking about idolatry. Because people idolized many things and not God, he gave them over to their "FOOLISH" desires: same gender attractions. He also described the same gender relationships as "vile" and "unnatural." If something is unnatural, it means God did not create it for thaat purpose in nature. So homosexual practices are not something God intended to happen. Something that is considered bad and unnatural by God can not be good. He gave those people who were idolators over to their sinful desires, such as homosexual practices. Yes there was worshipping of sex goddesses. Homosexuality does stem from idolatry, because men and women were idolizing not only sex godesses, but others of the same sex. Unlike other sins, this sexual sin has a judgment administered by God Himself: He gives them over to their passions (Rom. 1:26-28). This means that their hearts are allowed to be hardened by their sins. As a result, they can no longer see the error of what they are doing. Without an awareness of their sinfulness, there will be no repentance. Without repentance, there will be no forgiveness. Without forgiveness, there is no salvation. Also, a homosexual "partnership" would be very sinful regardless, because sex outside of marriage is a "sin" and marriage was to be between a man and woman, not two males or two females. I am not judgemental towards homosexuality, as it is just one of many sins, although it can be more emotional and harder to overcome. There are more passages on homosexuality is wrong throughout scripture:1) Lev. 18:22: "You shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female; it is an abomination." 2) Lev. 20:13, "If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed a detestable act; they shall surely be put to death. Their bloodguiltness is upon them." 3)1 Cor. 6:9-10, "Or do you not know that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor homosexuals1, 10nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, shall inherit the kingdom of God." Now hmmm... it seems to me that homosexualityis clearly stated as "wrong" and against the will of God. Anything contrary to the will of God is "Sin."Your turn 