#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
Because one cannot exist nor act "outside of nature", i.e., there being no "outside", all that one does is necessarily natural. Your argument is one of assumption that the purpose of a single human life and the purpose of ALL human life is procreation. Although true, the species will not continue without a sufficient number of individuals reproducing, you assume also that it is the duty of either every or at least some individuals to do so. I would submit there is no such duty to "carry on the species", however, one is certainly and ought certainly be free to do so if one wishes. What one is not free to do nor ought to be free to do is compel a false duty to reproduce on every individual member of the abstract idea of "species".I must also submit that the word and utterance "marriage" has many meanings depending on the one using it and context of its use. Individual human beings "marry" themselves to one another in an enormously diverse number of ways. Mere "best friends" are married to one another. Employer and employee are "married" from a certain form of view. One is "married" to one's pets if there is a mutual love, mutual dependence. Same-sex and, indeed differently sexed couples and even large groups of individuals have been marrying themselves to one another since before the dawn of this species we call "humanity". There is nothing anyone can do to prevent the emotional marriage of two or more individuals to one another if they so choose. They and their detractors often do not understand or, in the least, forget the fullest implications of the concept of "marriage". Certainly, those who rail against same-sex marriage as a potential redefinition of "marriage" seem to miss the irony of their very limited understanding of the much broader concept. Communities may or may not be at liberty to suppress official recognition of a "marriage" of two or more people. As a more advanced thinker, I am little bothered by what communities allow or disallow on this issue. An authentic marriage is one of the heart, mind, spirit.No government, vote, voter, law or court can allow or disallow what is quite outside of their control. That communities create a bit of paper and a stamp and then deny some few to participate in ownership of that unnecessary paper and stamp is a ludicrous self inflation of childish human beings. Those genuinely committed to one another have no need of community approval.