#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
“You Said "I Why do you assume that the expert's experience is illegitimate and just something like a choice to be monogamous?"I neither said nor implied that. Why put words in my mouth. The "experts" experience certainly is legitimate and I have said so in numerous other posts. I do believe that he is Gay but has chosen not to act on it. There's nothing he can do about being Gay just like I could not make myself become attracted to men. He can, and has chosen to live a non gay lifestyle.”As the old cliché goes: “What we have here is a failure to communicate”.Sorry but my original comment wasn't intended to put things in your mouth. I just wasn’t discriminating between what you were saying and my own paraphrasing. I’ll break it down and explain how I am interpreting and hopefully you will be able to then explain where you are coming from. In any case if we keep at it I’m sure we can get there.I’ll break up what I said into two bits. There is the bit about you assuming the expert’s experience is illegitimate. You make the claim that Alan Chambers is simply choosing not to act on his gay impulses and that there is nothing that he can do about being gay just like you could not make yourself attracted to men.Alan Chambers said: “I know that thousands of men and women defy – and continue to defy – any possible genetic or biological links to homosexuality and changed their sexual orientation through the help of caring individuals, counseling and faith-based support groups.”Certainly I am looking at it through the lens of my own experience but when he speaks of changing sexual orientation and speaks of his own experiences I take it to mean more than simply choosing not to act on gay impulses although that may have been the first step. By a change of sexual orientation I take it to mean that he has largely or completely lost his gay impulses in that he is either generally or completely no longer attracted to men. If I am correct then you consider his assertion and experience to be illegitimate when you assert that all that is involved is not acting on gay impulses and there is nothing that can be done about being gay and attracted to men. Does that make sense?I might as well add that the reason I chose you to respond to is that for someone in your situation to make the apparent pronouncement I feel disrespected to the extent that my experience overlaps with Alan's. I wouldn't feel that if a gay guy expressed that view.The second bit is the related. I am claiming that you are stating that his change of orientation is just like a decision to be monogamous. That is it is simply a case of not following urges. You used monogamy as an analogy and I inferred that in doing so you meant to communicate that nothing more is involved and that it is just an act of will power not a genuine change of orientation. Hopefully again this is sufficient explanation. Please feel free to let me know how I am misinterpreting.”BTW your experiences are yours alone and do not refute the overwhelming evidence that the vast majority of Gay men cannot change their sexual orientation.”I believe they give a better insight into the situation than your own experiences. Even if a majority either due to biological, environmental, or ingrained beliefs can’t change but a minority can why couldn’t Alan be in that minority?Barbaroni,Thanks for the response. That is not the way it appears to me. I've said what I've said but I can empathise with how you feel. I picture myself in your situation and believe that if I was you I'd feel frustrated with me. If so sorry.