#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
----------------------------Leviticus----------------------------Leviticus is commonly misinterpreted to refer to homosexuals with the following 2 verses:Leviticus 18:22: "You shall not lie with a male as those who lie with a female; it is an abomination." Leviticus 20:13: "If a man lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination and they shall surely be put to death." These verses have nothing to do with   homosexuality   when you look at the rest of Leviticus and other passages. Both of these verses refer to heterosexuals who participated in fertility rituals in order to guarantee good crops and healthy flocks, not homosexuals, there is absolutely no mention of sexual orientation or homosexuality. Also, the word abomination was used for anything that was considered to be religiously unclean or dealing with any type idol worship.The Hebrew word "toevah" was used in Leviticus 18:22 and Leviticus 20:13. "Toevah" has been translated in our Bibles as "abomination" or "detestable". The "toevah" was used throughout the Old Testament for activity involving ethnic contamination and   religious   idolatry. "Toevah" refers to things that were ritually unclean - like eating pork. It is significant that another Hebrew word, "zimah," also translated "abomination," which means intrinsic evil or evil by its very nature, was not used in Leviticus 18:22, or Leviticus 20:13.Notice that Lev. 18:2 deals with idolatry. In fact many of the prohibitions in the Holiness Code were connected with idolatrous practices, see 19:26-29.--------------------------------Romans--------------------------------This is another passage commonly taken out of context. Romans was not talking about homosexuality, it was referring to idolatrous practices and other sins. Letters from the Apostle Paul Romans 1:26-27If taken out of context, this passage seems to condemn homosexuals. However, when Romans 1:26-27 is considered within the context of Romans 1:16 through Romans 2:16, the Scriptures clearly present a different   teaching  . Paul was writing to the   church   in Rome. The Roman church had become troubled by divisions related to   spiritual   pride. Paul was addressing the Christians in Rome and teaching about the pagans in Rome. After declaring the   power   of Christ's gospel to save all, he pointed out that the religious people of Rome had refused to even acknowledge GOD as one of their many gods. They had turned their backs on the one true living God and worshiped handmade idols. Paul explained that as a result of their idolatry, every part of their lives had become corrupt and vile. Paul then told the Roman Christians that they were not to judge others. To judge others is to condemn yourself (Romans 2:1). Christians are to love others out of their brokenness and into the   healing   wholeness that is found in Jesus Christ. The Greek word Paul used, that has been translated in our Bibles as "natural/unnatural", relates to that which is against one's own inherent nature (i.e., heterosexuals engaging in   homosexual   acts). It was also related to Paul's concept of what was culturally acceptable. The same Greek word is used in I Cor. 11:14-15 in reference to correct hair length for men and women and in Gal. 2:15 in reference to Jews and Gentiles who were such by "nature." Paul emphasized that IDOLATRY (not homosexuality) was the evil which resulted in temple prostitution, sadomasochism, and lack of regard for others. 