#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Audrey, I'm glad you are happy with the choices you have made, but please try not to make the mistake of assuming that everyone's life, experience and sexuality mirrors your own.  I'm going to make some educated guesses, here, and you can feel free to disagree with them or disavow them as you like.  You've made some assumptions about "all gay people," so it is, perhaps, only fair that others make a few about you.Sometimes when you spend a lot of time thinking about a topic, your vision can become a little narrow and it is easy to assume that everyone else must be seeing things the same way you do.  If they claim to see them differently, then it becomes quite natural to assume they must be lying.However, if you can attempt to look beyond your own experience for a moment, it is important to know that there are many, MANY gay and lesbian people who were not abused, molested, rejected or overly controlled by our parents.  Many gay people had perfectly average, typical, relatively uneventful childhoods.You may have made "choices" in your early adulthood which caused you to decide to enter a relationship with a woman.  Your innate ability to be sexually attracted to a woman, though, probably did not arise from any "choice" that you made or any bad experience in your childhood, but rather, from a sexual orientation which allowed you to be attracted to persons of either gender -- bisexuality.  Some folks are more drawn to opposite gendered individuals while some are more drawn to same-gendered individuals.  Some, however, seem to fall somewhere in the middle.  And for a person who is already feeling confused and vulnerable because of a less-than-ideal childhood, such feelings for people of both genders might be quite confusing.Onto that, then, you layer the convictions taught to you in childhood (or possibly adulthood) that same-gender attractions are "bad" or "sinful."  Since you, as perhaps a bisexual woman -- I don't know you, and can only guess based upon the history you present -- feel attractions to both genders, it would be quite natural for you to assume that EVERYONE has a similar experience, but that some people choose the "wrong" gender, while others choose the "right" gender, and that those who choose the "wrong" gender are making a "sinful" choice, based upon the religious teachings you've been indoctrinated with, or chosen to follow.You then may assume that you chose the "wrong" gender BECAUSE of those bad experiences in your childhood, and that if you hadn't had those experiences, you would not have been tempted to choose the "wrong" gender for your loving attachments.The problem is, everyone is not you.  Many people truly are NOT attracted to people of both genders.  Most are attracted entirely or mostly to people of the opposite gender.  Some, probably far fewer, are attracted entirely or mostly to people of their own gender.  A few, probably like you, are attracted more or less equally to both.  And regardless of whether we have idyllic childhoods, brutal childhoods, or something in between, we will still be attracted to the gender to which we are innately attracted.  It is really easy to draw conclusions about others based upon your own experiences, but probably more helpful and mature in the long run to LISTEN to the experiences and self-knowledge of others and to try to understand that their experiences and feelings are every bit as valid and true for them as yours are for you.  