#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
 Unions give all the same   legal   rights so the only reason I can see for the homosexual movement to want to invade traditional   marriage   is to destroy it completely along with what they deem as unuseful repressive socialtal relgious  boundaries, which by the way, is the bedrock of a viable, solid and functional and preserved   society  . Just my thoughts. Also if we open the door to allow homosexual marriages which is clearly against Biblical and Christian beliefs then it would only stand to reason we would allow adultresses to have moral and legal rights to their married partners   money  ,   health   plans, property, salaries, retirment, and oh yah wills too right? And then if we give this right to adultresses why not just open it to polygamous marriage, and then to incestous marriage, and then to beastiality marriage and then to heck just get rid of marriage all together. Do you see how damaging allowing homosexual marriage will be? Probably not so instead here is a question from an ex-adultress to all churches and ministers who feel they can either by pass God and condone homosexuality and adultry or either feel they can stay neutral on these moral subjects : have a question for all ministers out there that are marrying homosexual couples.  This question comes from me, and ex-adultress, I would like to know when adultresses will get the stamp of approval from your   church   too, when will this lifestyle be given moral respectablity and legal rights? When will the minister hail the love and devotion of adultresses in this country?I spent years and years caring for a married man, we bought a house together and a car, went on trips etc but I have no rights as an adultress and if you allow homosexual couples to marry, clearly against the word of Gd, I was wondering how long before you drop all the Godly precepts and boundaries set in place by a wise and loving Gd whose desire is to bless traditional marriage, in lieu of your more enlightened convictions, and allow me to have all the self esteem and protections of the church that you afford homosexuals? So as long as your not following Godly principles you wont mind allowing all adultresses to have the same legal and moral marital rights as the married couple correct? And since you dont care much of what God has to say about blessing Holy matrimony you wont mind if my kissin cousins marry us too?You cant possibly be opposed to one big happy family, now what wouldnt be very tolerable of you, so SEE YOU IN CHURCH. I ll be in the adultress section, just to the left of the homosexual section, and I fully expect to have the full cooperation and support of the church in my lifestyle too. I hope you undertand I am being sarcastic but at the same time I am realistic in the fact that homosexuals have equal rights already in society; they dont want marriage they want to destroy Godly precepts and the parameters set in place for moral edification and protection of the church and Gods people,and some of you ministers are leading us astray. Please consider that all societies need moral guidelines and Godly parameters for a safe and healthy life and country not just  just for the family unit, but   children   and society, as a whole need the church to be the church and a light of higher quality. PS Only an enemy of God would want to condone homosexuality and adultry. I repented and came back to God in 1998 and have by my own choice, not always easy though, taken a vow of celibacy for the past 11 years, per scripture. God is head of my home and for the past 11 years it has been a happy one!