#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
5.  You were right to say "no offense," because as a member of a heterosexual, interracial couple I am tempted to take offense.  The right for me to marry my boyfriend was also once a NEW right.  Your claim that there are differences in gender but not race lead me to think you are talking about genetics.  If I'm understanding your argument correctly, you seem to be saying that it's fine to treat groups differently under   the law   if their DNA is different.  Am I understanding your argument correctly?  That also troubles me.  I do not like the idea of establishing   legal   precedent that equal protection under the law can be discarded based on genetics.  Surely you can see how that might be abused.  6.  I do not understand how allowing homosexual couples to marry implies that men and women are identical.  I also do not understand your next sentence.  It is false that if gay marriage were legal, that would mean that polygamy would be legal.  The reason that polygamy would not be permitted if gay marriage were legal is that polygamy is illegal under separate laws.  I believe you are trying to say that you think that if gay marriage becomes legal, that automatically means that polygamy will become legal.  This is a straw man fallacy, because you have presented no evidence that this is true.  I do not believe any such evidence exists, unless you have the ability to see the future, in which case surely you have something better to do with your time than argue with me :)  Finally, you say "there is a reason" that gay marriage is illegal, but you do not specify what it is.  If there is a reason, name it.  Your assertion that the current situation is automatically best because "thousands of years of human history have evolved to this point" is laughable.  I'm sorry, but it is.  In the 1940s, thousands of years of human history had evolved to the Holocaust.  Does that mean the Holocaust was good?  The true history of humanity is a tale of ups and downs, of progress and regress.  Humanity has made some serious bad calls, but they seemed like good ideas to the people of the time.  If you truly believe that the status quo is good and the current change is bad, you need a better argument than "this is good because it's how things are."  (if you want to be taken seriously, anyway)7.  What is the "situation" of the gays to which you refer?  It's also interesting to me that you put the word compassion in quotes, as I see no compassion for gays (and their mysterious "situation") on display in your argument.  However, I am open-minded and realize that you are probably telling the truth and are not just some bigot, so if you'd like to provide examples of times when you have demonstrated compassion for homosexuals, I would be delighted to hear that evidence as well.  No problem, I always make time for courteous and rational discussion. 