#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Dear friend, peace to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.I write to you to convince you of the soundness of the Word of God from its begining to its end beacause it is the word of life and sound truth from God for all men.  "All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the man of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work." (2 Timothy 3:16,17 NIV).  Remember that when this was written to Timothy the only cannonized Scripture available was the Hebrew Tanak and Torah, or Law.  The Apostle Paul clearly considered it inspiried and useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteiousness... and so on.  Furthermore, Jesus himself said he did not come to abolish the law but to fufill it.  "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfil them.  I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished.  Anyone who breaks one of the least of these commandments and teaches others to do the same will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practises and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven.  For I tell you that unless your righteousness surpasses that of the Pharisees and the teachers of the law, you will certainly not enter the kingdom of heaven." (Matthew 5:17-20, NIV).  Jesus didn't do away with the law but rather fufilled it.  There could be a whole sermon on this but it speaks for itself that the law is not done away with.  As believers in Christ you are right in saying that we are no longer judged by the law but that is not because it is not relavent or useful, but like the Apostle Paul said it is useful and to the Romans wrote: "So then, the law is holy, and the commandment is holy, righteous and good. Did that which is good, then, become death to me? By no means! But in order that sin might be recognized as sin, it produced death in me through what was good, so that through the commandment sin might become utterly sinful." (Romans 6:12-13, NIV).  The law still reveals what is sinful and as a Christ follower it is not ok to keep on sinning.  THe reality that we live by the Royal law, or the Law of the Spirit of life is that we are free from our sinful nature to yield and follow the Spirit of God who leads us into the way of righteousness, which the Law (Mosaic) defines.  We are not saved by or through the law but by grace through faith but faith is demonstrated in obeidienace and obeidience to God is done through obeying his law.  Jesus said "If you love me you will obey my commands."  And remember, Jesus didn't nulify or do away with any of God's law (as given through Moses) but rather fufilled it.  The commands in both the Old and New testaments (covenenents) against the practice of homosexuality are still binding for Christ followers as they were in the beginging of the church.  The good news is that Jesus frees us from our sinful nature and gives us the power through the Spirit of God to put to death the misdeeds of the body and live by the Spirit.  Those who live according to the sinful nature reep death but those who live according to the Spirit, by his power (that is God does it) reep eternal life.  Peace to you, and may the peace of Christ come into every area of the life and convict you of your need for God's help in restoring your whole person and sexuality.  God loves you!