#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
It is not clear your claim that the context in which Romans was written has to do exclusively with the Cybele cult. Paul wrote that letter to explain his view of the gospel to the romans, and not as a corrective to specific problems as he did on the epistles to the corinthians. He begins explaining how idolatry and pride, led humanity to other sins when their hearts separated from God, including homosexuality.And I think you're being imprecise too in the other passages you quote in the arguments:1. With respect to Adam and Eve, he created them as sexual beings who could fulfill his purpose of 'filling the earth and increase in number' (and the problem of over population doesn't invalidate the command, it was caused by not managing sexuality as God established it) And though later came poligamy, it occurred after fall, and then on the new testament is explicit that godly people should be married to one woman.2. When you quote Lev 18:22 as referred to the cult of Molech, is not precise. When you read the whole chapter, Moses writes a series of sins that include unlawful sexual relationships, amongst homosexuality is found. The fact that the previous verse condemned the parents who offered their sons to Molech, doesn't mean the next verse is related. In fact on every mention of Molech in the bible is related to the child sacrifices (which, by the way, also violate the command to fill the earth and increase in number).Is so clear that two chapters ahead he repeats the command in Leviticus 20:13 "'If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable." and in this occasion there is no sign it is directly related to the cult of Molech.I think the people at Exodus, as well as you, share the same general goal: to bring those with wanted or unwanted same sex attraction close to God. But in that path the means are as important as the ends. And sadly, one of both positions is wrong, and therefore is sinning (if it were Exodus, in not accepting that is God's will that people have same sex attraction; if it is you and the churches that accept homsexuality as normal, the sin will be of encouraging people to accept a sin as a way of life).I stay with the side that it is a sin.