#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
If rational truth is not subjective and it can be validated by this faith, a faith which requires God, then it is dependent on a spiritual truth.  If this spiritual truth is merely subjective than anything built on its foundation must also be subjective.  In this case there is again, no objective rational truth.  However, if it is objective than rational truth can also be objective.  Therefore, if rational truth is objective so must be spiritual truth.  This is not to disregard the reality that each human does have different experiences and phenomenon and that our minds make sense often with our language and other systems of the world around us.  However, there is an objective reality we can know because of God.  God is just an abstract exterior concept that as a principle guarantees our true witness of reality but he himself is involved in this world.  He was involved as its Creator, sustains all things and came into it most definitively in the person of Jesus Christ.  Spiritual truth has a basis in reality.  It is not just human belief but human belief in a real God, in the real person of Jesus Christ.  "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen."- (Hebrews 11:1, KJV)Faith is evidence.  It is evidence not of that which is not real but that which, though unseen, is real.  Notice that I have stated that rational truth, if it is able to be objective, can be objective.  It is not always.  By the nature of reason it should be sound but by the nature of the humans who reason we know it is often not.  We are limited.  Rational truth cannot be limited to only materialism or scientisim.  That is rational truth is based in the real but that does not mean it is only based in matter or in the stuff we can see, taste, hear, touch etc.  Nor is it limited to only being correct if it is scientific and is discerned through the scientific method.  Spiritual truth can be perfectly rational but cannot be demanded to bow to the narrow views of materialism or scientisim or naturalism or other human philosophies.  This does not mean that spiritual truth is automatically right because it is spiritual but it does mean that spiritual truth can be rational.  You are correct in asserting that anything humans do is flawed.  Including our rational minds.  Why is it logical that our flawed system of rational should pluck out our flaws when it in itself is flawed. The Word of God however, is from God and through written through men is from him and perfect. Furthermore, faith is also a gift from God.   Truth comes from God, without him there is not truth. Truth begins with him not with man.  Man is not the measure, God is.  That God has spoken to us is how truth comes to us, in the Bible.  This truth came through the real, in real societies, in real men and woman in time and history.  Likewise did Christ, the Word made flesh.  This is the difference between Christianity and all other religions.  As Bishop Fulten Sheen said, "If religion is mans search for God Christianity is God's search for man."  We can't assume that all religions have the same origin as if they are all essentially the same when in reality they are not.  The Bible did not come from man but from God.  The pain, unrest and warfare that has spurred from religious conflict is truly tragic.  We should be able to be rational but that does not mean that faith is irrational.  The Ten Commandments are not the opposite of the U.S. Constitution, it historically undeniable fact of their and other Biblical influence on the U.S. Constitution.  The summary of the commandments is not do not but do, do love God and do love your neighbor.  They are laws that deal with God and people.  To kill or murder is wrong in Christian faith because it is a sin against God and against that persons humanity.  God does stuff with purpose, including give his laws.  God hates murder because he loves all people.  He wants us to trust him and obey him out of faith and trust but that doesn't mean that because we should obey him because we love and trust him that his laws have not reason, quite the opposite.  God is definer of justice itself and he is the source of every reason for justice as he is the source of reason.  Biblical faith is not irrational or foolhardy.  ""To God belong wisdom and power;       counsel and understanding are his." Job 12:13, NIVAgain, peace Sid,Spencer