#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
About complementarianisim:Although there seems to be a simillarity between the Platonic account of origins and the account given in Scripture but when actually read in the context of the "Symposium" it is quickly realized that simillarities actually fall because the story is so grossly different from the acount given in Genesis.  The accuasation that "anti-gay" thearpists are basing their "complementarity" views of of Plato and not Scripture is not substantiated.  Those who affirm that homosexuality is sin would find Plato's story in disfavor because it seems to support homosexuality as a natural inclination of some humans.  Those who disfavor a text because of its anthetical argument would not use that text to base their thesis unless they were attacking it.  Therefore the therapits written about in this article are not basing their views off of Plato's "Symposium" but off of some other source, a source that would not affirm homosexuality is natural or permittable.  Plato himself, however, reveals his own opinion about homosexuality later in life.  He accounts that it is both against nature and originated when men, because of their lack of self-control, induldged in their passions.  I have found this to be true in the experiances of some homosexualities and especially more common in bisexual men.  Only one section of the "clobber" passages are used to connect homosexuality to Sodom and Gomorah so your argument that they are not linked, even if true, does not account the vast majority of Scriptures that deal with homosexuality.  Although traditinoally the story of Sodom and Gomorah has been attributed to the sin of homosexuality I wounldn't disagree that it is not the strongest arguments.  Other Scriptures, however, are much more clear.  And at last, a response to the arguments of the final argument:Argument 1: The Bible does not contain the teaching of complementarianisim and therefore that belief is unbiblical and therefore has no clout.  It is not God's intention, then, that sexual union must occur in heterosexual, monogomaus relationships within the covenent of marriage.  This is false because in actuality the teaching is in the Bible.  It is right in Genesis where this is truth is supressed in the wayward search for loophole for homosexual practice.  "So the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man, and he slept; then He took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh at that place." (Gensis 2:21, NASB)The Hebrew word we get "deep sleep" from is tardemah and even suggests a trance and a type of ecstasy that Adam went under as God made woman from him.  It is suggestive of the reality that whom God made for him would be as promised, a suitable helper for him (since none was found previous to that).  It is of particular interest that God not,,, make another man but made a woman.  