#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
Is not the very basis for same sex marriage, "EQUALITY?!" So then, now that YOU mentioned it: Why should someone who wants to paractice beastiality be denied their "right" to do so? Why should they be "discriminated against." And so then, likewise, why should pedophiles also be deinied the same oppostunity to love and care for somone of their sexual preference and orientation?? -If it is concentual; or at least at certain age minimum, like say, 12 or 13. what if they were "born that way?" They are "people too." Pedophilia laws and beastiality laws are "discriminatory" and violate their rights to excercise their freedom. -Maybe almost ALL laws are then.  After all, "who does it hurt?" It does not harm anyone.  What about people that want to murder, and people that want to die? Let us hook them up and legalize that.Supposedly, according to that same SSM agenda agument basis, who is another person to determine what is and is not acceptable?... or what is and is not right? Just because you disagree; or you think it gross or unacceptable; what gives us the right to try and "force that on another, and deniy them "inalienable rights?" For that matter, who or what determines what rights are "inalianable?" So then we have to allow ALL rights then. What if I want to urinate in the neighborhood park, at night where not exposing to anyone? Why should I be denied that right? Who does it harm? Public urination laws are "discriminatory." Are you starting to understand the definition of "pandora's box" yet? Where do we draw the line? -Or do you realize you are indirectly advocating the drawing of NO LINES, and the erasing of many? Hey, "EQUAL" means "EQUAL!" and "right to" means "right to" and escecially, "DISCRIMINATION" means "DISCRIMINATION!"  -Or are you trying to have your cake and eat it too?  Yes, you certainly are. The fact that one may not have intended to, nor realized they were, does not exonerate one form the guiltiness of such, nor preclude one from the responsibility.("You" and other pronoun references are general and not aimed at author in reply, but only "as the shoes fits" for rhetorical purposes)BTW: this excerp pretty much addresses almost all of the comments in support of SSM, in one way or another; as it completely obliterates the primary basis of the SSM argument.