#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Rick said "But your point is absolutely valid, that we should also seek forgiveness for wronging someone and they should seek forgiveness for wronging us. That is the human side of forgiveness."  I'm glad to hear that.  It just seems to me that the forgiveness of one's victim much too often takes a distant back seat to the forgiveness of god.  And that is consistent with my morality having a different source (respect for human rights) than religious morality (obedience to god's law).  Also you said "Just to be clear, I do NOT believe it is a sin to be homosexual or lesbian. Further, I do NOT believe it is a sin to be in a committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnership. "I realize that.  Sorry if I didn't make that clear.  I think you're on the right side of this debate (overall!).  But I do have a point to make and a question to ask you or anyone else who is reading this.  I have met many Christians who also say that they do not think BEING gay is a sin, only that ACTING gay is a sin.  This presumably acknowledges (correctly) that sexual orientation is NOT a choice people make.  You're either gay or you're straight.  And just as I did not choose to be straight, homosexuals don't choose to be gay.  Sexual orientation is simply one aspect of yourself that you discover as you mature.  This is another reason why I don't believe that BEING gay is immoral.  Where there is no choice morality does not attach.  Being gay (or straight) is neither moral not immoral.  Sexual orientation, like height or hair color, is simply not a moral issue.  This being said, regardless of your orientation, whom you have sex with and what kind of sex you have ARE choices that we make.  And so my question is; Is it reasonable for a Christian to accept that a person IS homosexual, while condemning them for ACTING in a homosexual fashion?  Obviously I don't think it is reasonable.  But I'd like to hear from anyone who does, since this is not an uncommon attitude in my experience.  Sid