#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
First of all I cant figure out why the heterosexual community makes such a huge deal out of this. Straight people run through marriages with no thought about the oath they take before God. If this is so important I would think you need to look at the example you providing your   children   and the world.Second I cant figure out why Gay people want to be married as this is a religous ceremony and the real issue is having the same rights as the heterosexual people. A   legal   union will be as binding if recognized by the state or federal level.Third I can understand the statement that Gay people want to make publicly that they are committed to each other. It is just as important to them as to the straight community.Fourth Unless you are Gay you cannot know what it is like anymore than a Gay person does not have the same feelings as straight people. What is that old saying about walk a mile in my shoes?Fifth I keep hearing that being Gay is a choice. What sane person would just decide to be Gay? I have known that I was Gay since a very early age. I did not want to be different from other people, but I can tell you with no doubt that it is a natural feeling, wrong or right it is not a choice.Sixth Are children raised by a same sex couple missing something? Well of course, children should no how people relate to each other as male and female. But, I think it would be better than being raised by a single parent or in a foster home knowing they are just like a dog in a kennel. They are given what they need, but know that they are not a part of that family. Love is not a sexual issue. Everyone needs love!It seems overall that people are people and none of us are perfect. We should be concerned about each other instead beating down people who happen to be different. Unfortunately we are a selfish species. I hope that God is as loving and forgiving as I was taught as a child.