#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=yes
#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
1. "As for did I ever CHOOSE to go the heterosexual path , the answer is YES I DID." Really? What age were you when you chose to be heterosexual? Is it something you struggle with daily? Do you have to remind yourself that heterosexual is the choice you've made and you're sticking with it? What motivated you to go heterosexual when there are clearly so many damn perks to being gay? 2. "Many gay people would claim that their coming out has brought them great relief" Duh duh duh. Of course coming out brings them relief. This has nothing to do with a perk of being gay. This is a perk of being who they are and being unashamed of it. 3. "many gays who choose a partner of their own sex claim that there are alot of advantages, such as the feelings of love are deeper and feel more real, their desire for sex with that person rather than with someone of the opposite sex is stronger and the sex more satisfying" Go figure. Gay people prefer same sex relationships. That's your argument here. In the same way, I'm sure you would claim the feelings of love are deeper and feel more real with someone of the opposite sex, and that your desire for sex with them is stronger and more satisfying. You've just defined what being gay is, not given a perk. 4. "Also in certain fields of work, such as fashion design or interior design, the gay guy is usually assumed as going to be good before even showing any other credentials." Really? Usually? Not to be a bitch, but prove it. My grandfather owned a flower shop for 20 years, and while gay men worked for him and were damn good floral designers, he NEVER hired on the basis of their sexuality. They were hired BECAUSE they were good. 5. "And how can someone really say they are BORN gay, when boys and girls don't really even know the difference between the sexes until they are at least 2-3"Sexual identity develops at around 12, while sexual interest develops around the age of 7. What Developmental Psychology Says about Sexuality