#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Being 62 years old, I lived most of my life in New Orleans. If people were born gay, we would have seen our world filled with gay people 50 years ago. We did not see this the 50's-60's-70-or 80's. Homosexuality was UNHEARD OF. We starting seeing this new fad on our public television shows. The Oprah Show promoted the   homosexuality   show's so much that I got sick of watching and hearing this. Her show was the FIRST to PROMOTE the FIRST PREGNATE MAN. Of course the man WAS a woman. Television shows influnce weak minds. Marriages started breaking up. Fifty years ago DIVORCE was not heard of. I knew no one who was divorced---then the television talk shows started talking about it is better to break up than stay together. Now the divorce rate has gone sky high. Compare the rate from the 1950's till now.Fifty years ago an unmarried teenage pregnate girl was unheard of. None of my friends had a baby out of wedlock. No one in my school was pregnate either. Today the schools are filled with young girls flaunting their   pregnancy  . Now they proudly walk the streets unmarried and unashamed. Why don't we go back and make a study on how our television programs--programs MINDS. These sexual programs give birth to homosexuality--divorce--etc. Study THIS for a while and you will see the change being caused by our television programs. People aren't born gay--this is a MIND thing. Sexual things on public television is the cause of homosexuality rapidly growing in our country. Go ahead--compare the numbers. Research the history of homosexuality population. Research how many homosexual people did our country have in the 50's-60's-70's till now. Then look to see when homosexuality started being broadcasted on television or over the air waves. I guarentee you that THIS started the BIRTHING PROCESS of homosexuality in our country. IT WASN'T AN EGG OR A SPERM THAT CONNECTED TOGETHER TO FORM A BABY that turns out to be a homosexual-- Homosexuals don't have babies to replenish the earth--cause they don't have sex with the opposite sex so the only way they can replenish the earth is by PROGRAMMING ANOTHER PERSON'S MIND--This is what our television programs are doing--They are programming Minds to make a NEW WORLD. Oprah did say the day that she had on the pregnant MAN that they were going to FORM a NEW WORLD. I'll NEVER forget those words. They can only make a NEW WORLD by  programming our young childrens MINDS threw their highly watched television shows. I say take all sexual programs off of our public television stations--bring back good wholesome family shows and slowly watch the homosexual rate or population drop. It's all about programming minds.  