#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
This is referenced outside of   religion  , since for some strange reason every one wants to funnel the issue into religion."Marriage" has been written up and defined as a monogamous legally recognized union between one man and one woman. There are stipulations around this which do not allow a brother and sister for example to marry because of obvious reasons....genetic degradation in offspring. Yes! reproduction comes into the picture here.There is no such thing as traditional or new view where marriage is considered. The components are clear and documented as neither old nor new."Same sex" instantly disqualifies the use of the defined term ...Marriage... being that the clearly documented components are already non applicable.The term Union works because the title is open and non stipulated.One solution would be to do away with the term Marriage in vital statistics and documented records and use only the term Couples Union. Include all of the benefits desired such as alimony, dowries rights, insurances,   health care  , tax breaks of a couple etc.If others saw you and noted that you were male and female, it would become obvious that you are Married. If they noted you as being a same sex couple, it would be obvious that you were in a   legal   Couples Union.This is the best that I can offer, but same sex does not meet the criterion of the term "married". Traditionally or Newly, either of which there is no such.Same sex people are going to be making commitments to one another and many of these commitments will remain faithful. The same rights should be extended to those commitments on a legal and social level. Not greater not lesser.As for religions.. There should be freedom to express why you don't agree with same sex, but you can't (force) that on same sex choice people. Freedom to choose is where the God of creation is coming from. Freedom to choose blessing or cursing; life or death, but freedom to choose is putting the responsibility upon the chooser. If you wish to precaution in a loving and winning way, your job is then done. You can't exercise force against peoples choices or choose for them.The church has failed hugely by trying to use force instead of winning minds and hearts to upholding it's treasured values. The values upheld by people in the church often become those specific of their choice, and because (same sex issues may be upheld to their values by them) but maybe not financial integrity. They need to uphold it all before dogmatically promoting values in any direction. One disqualifies the other.            