#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Turning to the Bible as a guide to determine whether homosexual behavior is viewed as sin, there can be no denial that there are some ten or more biblical texts which clearly reference homosexual practices or behavior in one form or another in the combined Old and New testaments.  Further, there also should be no denial that every one of these texts describes homosexuality in a negative light, as unacceptable to the people who believed they understood the mind and will of their God. People who lived across many centuries and cultures!	As Christians for whom "sola scriptura" is important, we believe we can go to the Bible for guidance and counsel. We have believed it is a reliable and inspired source for truth, assistance and direction. When we do, we find ourselves in the company of many who are engaged in an intense scrutiny of these ten scripture passages in the Old and New Testaments which focus on this issue. Both traditional biblical interpreters and so-called revisionist biblical interpreters have engaged in extensive analysis of these passages to find evidence, which supports their respective positions. 	Unfortunately the scriptural debate about homosexuality often only focuses on these ten passages and their historical, cultural meanings. In doing so, it neglects the larger worldview which the Bible teaches about holiness, godliness, sin and self-discipline. It misses the forest for the trees. The debate has been often argued from the particular to the general. The Bible is much more than the sum of it’s parts. The Bible is the book of inspired writings which embodies a godly spirit or worldview because it embodies the Spirit of God.  	In the Book of Leviticus (RSV) for instance, there are two passages which have received much attention: Leviticus 18:22 says, "You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination." The other is Leviticus 20:13 – "If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination; they shall be put to death, their blood is upon them."	These prohibitions in Leviticus are representative passages concerning this issue. They are especially useful for grasping the biblical worldview of which these verses are specific examples. I contend that it is this biblical worldview from which we are able to best grasp an accurate perspective about same-sex attraction and sexual behavior. It is a biblical worldview which God asks His followers to adopt. It is His point-of-view which God asks us to adopt. He asks us to get the Spirit of his mind and heart. 	Bible-believing Christians don’t live on the basis of one or two or twenty verses of scripture. We live within a worldview of principles, standards, morals, values and ideals which the Bible teaches from Genesis through Revelation. Taken as a whole, this worldview represents the mind and heart and will of a loving Father God.	This is obvious from the people who come for Sexual Orientation Resolution Therapy (SORT). No one has ever come into therapy saying, "Hey, you know what, I just read Leviticus 18:22 and I don’t want to be abominable anymore!" Everyone who has entered resolution therapy or come to our support group, and who has been successful at resolution does so because they understand the Bible generally and have grasped the heart of their Father God. They understand the Word cumulatively as a worldview in which same-sex sexual behavior is unacceptable to God. The biblically faithful SSA Christian client in therapy understands that in the biblical context, a God-view of homosexual behavior is sinful. 