#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Periannath said: "You assume that rational truth is objective, that spiritual truth is not..." Yes I do.  Rational truth, as you call it, is based on sensory-perceptual evidence that can be observed, analyzed, discussed, and debated.  Those are things that the human mind is excellent at doing.  Rational moral truth is based on the observation that people are all basically the same, that they have the same fundamental physical, psychological, and spiritual needs (by "spiritual" I do NOT mean, religious or supernatural.  I merely mean needs that are not physical).  "A rational "Live-and-Let-Live" morality is based on the observation that people thrive when left to do as they please as long as they don't harm anyone else.  Hence homosexuality is NOT immoral.  These observations can be made by anyone, and are clearly demonstrable whether we consider them on an individual level or on a societal level.  In contrast, Religious truth is based on faith (i.e. belief WITHOUT evidence).  I do think that people who believe that the bible is the literal word of god ARE irrational (at least in that one aspect of their lives).  One can only believe the literalness of the bible by ignoring the immense body of historical and scientific evidence that utterly contradicts that assertion.  It's not enough to believe something very strongly.  Your belief must be plausible, supported by the evidence, and not explicable by a simpler, more plausible explanation.  I would think that the existence of so many faiths in the world each claiming mutually contradictory moralities would give pause to theists who think that their particular moral biases are the "right" ones.  Do you think you were just lucky to be born into a Christian society while Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, etc., were unluckily born into the "wrong" ones? You ask "How is rational truth objective when it is the product of human minds, which tend to be very subjective?"  Well, how is religious truth objective when it is ALSO the product of the human mind?  The fact that you deny that your beliefs are the product of human minds doesn't change the fact that they are.  The bible was written, rewritten, altered, edited, interpreted, reinterpreted by PEOPLE.  How many different versions of the Christian bible exist today?  Why were some gospels removed by the Council of Nicea? What about the 80% of the human race that don't believe in the new testament?  And I haven't even begun to list the myriad scientific proofs against literalism. The only way you can believe in the literalness of the bible in the face overwhelming evidence that it's not literally true is if you are willfully blind.  And I believe that willful blindness is irrational and dangerous.  Men of faith flew planes into skyscrapers on 9/11.  Faith scares me.  Lastly you ask "What objective [evidence] exists to show that the Bible is not God's word? "  I just barely started to list the evidence above.  There is much more.  But it doesn't matter.  You are the one making the claim that the bible is literally true.  The burden of proof is on you to prove it, not on me to disprove it. Given the thousands of different creation myths, moral systems and "bibles" that have existed since the beginning of the human race, it is incumbent upon you to prove that yours is fact while all others are/were fiction.  Of course, since your beliefs are faith-based not evidence-based, I'm not sure why you would even want to "prove" the validity of yours by presenting evidence.  Proving it with objective evidence, even if you could do so, would turn your faith into science.  Sorry to be so wordy.  But I'm as passionate about my beliefs as I assume you are about yours.  Sid