#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
I'm not sure what you mean by "Authors like CS Lewis in "Mere Christianity" have argued how there is a moral law that trascends religions".  To me religious moral laws already inappropriately "transcend" the secular human realm.  I haven't read the book you mention, but what can possibly transcend the law of god as interpreted by those charged to do so?  In any case, my major concern is that the source of religious moral laws (in this case, the law against homosexuality) is god and not man.  Proper moral law must be based on the nature of humans, not on the nature of god.  "Do what god says" is not a moral law, because it does not ask what behaviors are good or bad for people AS people.  It simplistically says that being good consists of obeying the rules (as defined by the bible).  By this improper "moral law" homosexuality is a sin because, as I said, it violates the arbitrary law set down in a dusty old book.  In contrast "Live and let live" (for example) IS a proper moral law because it respects the nature of humans as individual moral beings with independent minds who live and relate to one another through mutual recognition, respect, and consent.  By this proper moral law homosexuality is NOT a "sin" because it does not violate the rights or fundamental humanity of anyone else.  You also say the "...bible has to be analised literally, symbolically and historically".  This is a contradiction.  It can be taken literally or NOT literally.  It either IS the literal word of god, or its open to interpretation.  If it IS the literal word of god, then you cannot re-interpret any part of it to your liking.  And if its NOT the literal word of god, then it is not the authoritative law for human behavior or anything else, for that matter.  It is hypocrisy to take parts of the bible literally while "interpreting" other parts.  And once you "interpret" it, either symbolically or historically or in any other way, you have put your judgement (or the judgement of other humans) above the word of god.  