#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
I believe that every human being is born genetically, physically, emotionally, spiritually and psychologically fallen.  No one is born perfect.  While I think it is far to simplistic to think that someone is born gay, the truth is that no one currently knows all of the factors that contribute to one's behavioral makeup.  I believe that genetics, environment and even our personalities factor into who we are and what we do.  As someone who never chose to "feel" gay, but who nonetheless found myself with those very real and complex desires, I admit that I do not know every reason why I experienced the sexual urges, impulses and attractions that I did starting at puberty.  However, I am extremely grateful for the fact that we live in a world where self determination is a high value.  Each individual has the God-given right to decide for themselves how they are going to respond to the impulses and attractions that they have.  For a period of my life I "chose" to act according to my feelings and when I realized that those actions weren't congruent with my greatest desire---to live according to my faith in Christ---then I "chose" to give up homosexuality and set out on the long, difficult but ultimately overwhelmingly fulfilling journey of putting Christ first.  Bottom line: just because something is "genetic" doesn't make it optimal, healthy or moral.  All sorts of things are said to have a genetic link from cancer to obesity to rage to alcoholism.  Not all of those things are immoral but they are all unhealthy and no one would choose them.  So, genetically linked or not, homosexuality isn't something that one has to live in tyranny under.  We each have a choice to make based upon our unchosen feelings and can decide how we are going to respond to our circumstances based on all of the facts.18 years after deciding to leave homosexuality I am thrilled that I did.  The life I lived as a celibate and single man was far more rewarding than gay life.  For 11 years now my life with my wife, Leslie, has been the greatest joy of my life as were the additions of my two adopted newborns in 2005.Rogaine for Women said it best a few years back: "Stronger than genetics to overcome baldness."  Certainly I have found that the human will, coupled in my case with my faith, are stronger than genetics to overcome a sexuality that doesn't fit with my beliefs or way of life.