#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
...but not Christianity.  Religion tries to earn acceptance from God by being "good," which is impossible for us.  I'll try to explain in this limited format...  Christians   believe that accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of their sin by grace (which is free to us, not earned - Jesus Christ died for us because he didn't want us to die for eternity, which is the inevitable consequence of sin) is what enables them to go to heaven.  What we do with grace only proves whether or not we understand and value it.  We will sin at times.  We are not perfect in this life, but we are forgiven, and because we are grateful for that, and with the power that realization gives us, we can choose to   change   how we act and treat others.  Christians acknowledge the damaging effects of sin in our lives and in   society  .  Pretending that each person has the wisdom and rational/impartial judgment to decide what is right and wrong based on their own opinions of their behavior doesn't make sense.  In other words, we would obviously have a strong bias in our own favor.  We believe the definition of sin was put in place by God through the Bible in part to illustrate that we are actually incapable of living up to any real code of conduct on our own because we naturally want sin, and need God in our lives to change those desires.  We are all born with sinful desires but also a desire to be good... but God made a way for us to acknowledge the sinful desires (includes envy, greed, gossip, hate, homosexuality, drunkenness, lying, selfishness, pride, etc.), ask God for forgiveness (because our sin is rebellion to his authority over his creation - us), and commit to changing by the power of Jesus' grace and love.  Jesus' example was to love everyone, and that's my personal standard.  Sometimes I fall short, but Jesus is helping me to do better.  Just because you love someone doesn't mean you have to tell them they are perfect, or that everything they do is good.  Acknowledging sin leads us to the only one who can help, and that is its own reward.  Recognizing sin isn't about judging, it's about offering hope.Not everyone will choose to believe this, but God gave us choice.  If he just forced everyone to do what He wanted there would be no value in our compliance.  I obey because He loves me and I love Him.  Unlike us, he is perfection, but loves us enough to forgive our imperfections. My answer should have been "SOMETIMES." We are all born with desires to do things that are wrong (sin), and that could include homosexual desires, but God loves us anyhow and sacrificed everything to make it possible for us to change.