#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
(I'm going to have to split this response into a series of posts, since you have brought up so many issues. Please pardon any inconvenience, but I want to be sure I address all of your points)Apparently my answer was not clear, since you have drawn so many incorrect conclusions from it.  Let me take them one by one:MARTIN: "I see you marked YES to the question of whether or not people are born gay. But the presence of a spectrum at all necessitates the idea of choice (as you put it, "for some")."MY RESPONSE: Yes.  I believe people are born with the sexual orientation which they carry through life.  Some people are born exclusively (or nearly so) gay.  They are rarely if ever attracted to the opposite gender, and would be incapable of sustaining a meaningful and satisfying intimate relationship with a person of the opposite gender.  They may or may not be capable of completing a sexual act with someone of the opposite gender, but regardless of that ability or inability, could not have a satisfying marriage or long-term commitment to someone of the opposite gender.There are people who are similarly exclusive in their attractions to the opposite gender, and who would be incapable of sustaining a satisfying and fulfilling committed, long-term marital relationship with someone of their own gender, even if some of them could complete a sexual act with someone of their own gender.Then there are those who fall somewhere else along the spectrum, perhaps 50% attracted to their own gender and 50% to the opposite, or 75% to their own, and 25% to the opposite, or vice versa.  Such people might find a satisfying and sexually and emotionally fulfilling relationship with a person of either gender.My guess would be that the majority fall fairly close to the 90-100% "straight" end of the spectrum, with an increasingly sparse scatter towards the middle and "gay" end.The point, however, is that wherever they are on the spectrum, that is where they were born and that is where they will die.  Those who fall closest to the 50% mark at the middle of the spectrum experience their sexual orientation as a "choice."  This does not mean that they "chose" to be bisexual.  Their orientation is as it is.  Their choice comes from the fact that they experience attractions to both genders relatively equally, and have a choice to be equally satisfied with a "gay" or a "straight" relationship.There is nothing in my earlier post which contradicts this view.MARTIN: "This is a question that necessitates something like a "gay gene" analogous to those who are born with male-pattern baldness or something like that. Studies confirm that men are born with the genetic code for male-pattern baldness. I have yet to see any conclusive study on this same type of thing for homosexuality. And yet I continue to hear about it over and over again . . . getting a little boring I think. "I also find that the idea of bisexuality seems to contradict a "gay gene." It seems to me that the idea of being born a certain way means you either have it or you don't. Do you follow my logic? So, if someone has the gene, they are gay. If they do not, they are straight. But this is not the case at all. If a male child is born with "male-pattern baldness," there is nothing he can do about it short of taking treatments or wearing a hairpiece or getting plugs. What you are saying is that there is a genetic make-up that means that certain people are 100% gay and certain people are 100% straight. This is not what Kinsey found and this is not supported by any studies that I know of. In Sexual Behavior and the Human Male, Alfred Kinsey wrote this: “Males do not represent two discrete populations, heterosexual and homosexual. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats…The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects." I agree with him and yet in the Western world we remain obsessed with categories."