#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
     Lets first start with a working and shared definintion of "rational." Rational: "Having or exercising the ability to reason.  Consistent with or based on reason; logical: rational behavior." (American Heritage Dictionary)     You ask where I am getting my info; where are you getting yours?  There is some controversy as to whether   animals   are capable of rational throught, however, the vast majority of people including scientists do accept an animal as a rational creature.  For example, recently there was a women in CA who had a   pet   chimp.  Without warning and without rational basis the chimp went "ape" on her girl friend and almost killed her.  Professionals in the field, including zoologists, vets, other biologits etc. often reference that these types of things happen because they are "wild animals."  To expect rational behavior from an animal is absurd.       Furthermore, from a Biblical point of view, regardless of how literaly one interpreates the   creation   accounts there is a clear distinction between man and the animals.  Namely they alone were made in the image and likeness of God, recieved from a him a rational that is in likeness to him (which animals do not) and were given dominion over the earth (including the animal kingdomm).       Philosophically we can know that animals are not capable of considering sylogistic reasoning, understand logic.  A dog does not think about where it would go to   college   or what it wants to do with its life.  The earliest philosophers and through the present age have noticed a distinction from animals and humankind.  To argue that because an animal does something means it is ok for humans is ludicrist.  Animals eat there own kind, commit acts of aggression including   murder   and many other atrocious behavior if we tried to understand this rationaly.   However, we know that they are animals and they do that kind of thing based on instict and conditioning.  Yes Leviticus is Old Testements.  Leviticus is not just a rule book for Hebrew males it was given to the whole people of Israel as with the rest of the Torah.  No I am not ethnically Hebrew alhtough I do consider myself a "child of Abraham" through the promise, i.e. by   faith  .  Shalom,Spencer