#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
"then I dare you to tell that to Elton John. PS Id stand back a few feet when I told him so if I was you."Are you referring to the emotion that Elton and his partner feel or their   legal   status... because I agree with you on the first count (emotionally their bond is as tight as a heterosexual couples) but from a legal standpoint I'll disagree with you.  In a state where same sex   unions   / marriages are not recognized they do not have the same rights as a married couple.And that is the question... Should homosexual couples be able to enjoy the same rights as heterosexual ones.  To me the answer is easily yes... and if they have identical rights then why does the name at the top of the form they sign need to be different?  Legally that name would be the only difference between Civil Unions and Marriage... so why call it something different?"The homosexual community said that if   marriage   is granted to them they will not use it to sue churches or push agendas in schools, yet they are and will do just that."[Citation needed] on that one.  All the cases loudly trumpeted as 'homosexuals suing churches' that I have seen have turned out to be quite different once the full facts are brought forward.  As an example I'll point to the case where a homosexual couple sued a   church   over the use of their pavilion... that pavilion was rented out to those outside the church, and thus barring homosexuals was an act of discrimination... which would have happened if the church had refused to marry a mixed race couple."my spelling sucks sorry"I'd recommend using firefox... it has a spell checker that underlines misspelled words and lets you correct them by right clicking on them.  Bad spelling has always been a problem for me... so I use it quite often (I misspelled recommend above when I was typing this)."I dont think Im asking for anyting more than what homosexual couples say they dont have and want right? "Yes you are... that is polygamy.  Homosexuals are asking that they can enter into monogamous relationships. "Why should one relationship ie homosexual one have precedence over ours?"They don't want precedence... they want equality with heterosexuals."Wait you say adultry is wrong? "When did I?  A polygamous relationship, where all parties know about everyone else, are not morally wrong in my view (though I'm into monogamy myself).  A polygamous relationship where one or more of the people don't know about the others (say a man cheating on his wife but not telling the woman that he is with that he is married) is only immoral for the person doing the lying."And as far as your comment about gay Christians thats as possible as a three hundred pound sexy swimsuit model, neither are suitable nor possible, sorry."Though it's not my taste I wouldn't be overly surprised if you could find a 300lb swimsuit model that someone out there found sexy.  As to gay Christians... There are those who identify themselves as such, and I have no problem agreeing with them.  There are many different Christian factions out there... and many claim that they are the only 'true' Christians, with everyone else being wrong (or evil)."It should be evident that if the purpose of marriage is to attach mothers and fathers to their   children   and to one another, then the dual gender requirement is perfectly permissible."You seem to be focusing on marriage as it relates to having children (either through some nod-nod, wink-wink... or via   adoption  ).  There are many couples who are married but do not have children, is their marriage somehow invalid?