#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
As it happens, "gay" or "homosexual" define behavior, NOT one's genetic makeup. As science has discovered, generally, when you determine a specific gene to be responsible for one characteristic or another, turning that gene on or off will affect not simply the characteristic you were interested in but also characteristics you didn't anticipate. What this means is, there can be no "gay gene" however, there are likely at least one or more genes that set the stage for a predisposition for homosexual behavior. That one has the gene or genes in no way implies one MUST behave as a homosexual. But, of course, the same is true of heterosexuality. Certainly, nature establishes the necessary mechanisms for individuals to reproduce themselves, however, what nature does NOT do is establish one MUST reproduce. Clearly, an individual can choose not to reproduce and most individuals do in that most individuals engage in non-reproductive sex regardless of the gender of their partner. Also, nature clearly has no regard for whether you reproduce or not, i.e., there is no individual reproductive imperative in order for the individual to live, in that nature creates some individuals without a clear polarity to their gender and also creates individuals unable to reproduce but with the outward appearance of one gender or the other, and yet many of these individuals live full lives regardless of their inability to reproduce. "Survival of the species" appears to be a human invention and not a natural imperative. The rest of nature appears not to be concerned in the least whether humans continue to exist. That is the concern of individual human beings alone.You could just as easily say, "science doesn't support the "heterosexual gene" either. Heterosexuality is a behavior which is clearly always choice because heterosexual CAN choose otherwise even if they generally do not. Also, reproduction isn't always nor even usually the reason for heterosexual behavior in that individuals commonly choose not to reproduce so, reproduction is also always choice - even if the choice is often made without regard for its consequences.Heterosexuality is no more an imperative than is homosexuality, bisexuality or asexuality. All of these behaviors are chosen but chosen loosely based on one's genetic predispositions, one's experiences and within one's current context.