#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
ÒAcross a diverse array of assessments, we found that the personal, family, and school adjustment of adolescents living with same-sex parents did not differ from that of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents. Consistent with the findings of earlier research (e.g., Huggins, 1989), we found that adolescent self-esteem did not vary as a function of family type. In addition, we found no differences as a function of family type in measures of personal adjustment, such as depressive symptoms and anxiety; in measures of school adjustment, such as academic achievement, trouble in school, or feelings of school connectedness; or in measures of the qualities of family relationships, such as autonomy, care from adults and peers, neighborhood integration, or parental warmth. The clarity of results from this broad array of assessments strengthens our confidence that adolescents living with same-sex parents were functioning well in many domains, both at home and at school.Ó p. 1895ÒMost adolescents in our sample reported having had a romantic relationship in recent months, but only a minority reported having had sexual intercourse; there were no significant differences in this regard as a function of family type.Ó p. 1895ÒAn unexpected aspect of our results was the finding that adolescents' feelings of connectedness at school varied as a function of family type. Adolescents living with same-sex parents reported feeling more connected to school than did those living with opposite-sex parents. Inasmuch as school connectedness among adolescents has been associated with fewer problem behaviors and greater emotional well-being (Resnick et al., 1997), this finding suggests that adolescents with same-sex parents might be expected to show more favorable adjustment. For measures of adjustment such as self-esteem and depressive symptoms, however, we found no effects of family type. Consequently, the best interpretation of this intriguing finding remains unclear.Ó p. 1896However, we cannot conclusively say here that (1) same-sex parents are just as good for their children (due to small population size and the fact that "good parents" might be a result of other things like community, etc.) or (2) same-sex parents are just as mentally stable as opposite-sex parents.  http://www.ojp.gov/bjs/glance/viort.htm  Violent crimes have decreased, meaning that the trend towards the slight decrease in sexually oriented hate crimes might be a result of crimes decreasing across the board as opposed to more sexual-oriented-based tolerance.