#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
I'm a HUGE believer in the understanding of epi-geneticism and how your completely aren't bound into your genes.  But even if you WERE bound into your genes?  WHERE is this "homosexual chromosome"? The entire idea of a "Gay Gene" is the most wretchedly absurd thing I've ever encountered or even heard of in my entire life.  You genes only understand replication -- pure, straight-forward reproductive replication.  That's the purpose of our genes.  Our genes, our most rudimentary architect are designed to keep us alive and replicate themselves.  From an evolutionary point of view (which is the ONLY POV that your genes "know" homo-sexuality.  There's no possible way anyone's genes could EVER know   homosexuality   simply because that defies their very intention and nature (that of surviving and replicating).  So what does cause the sensation of homosexuality or the illusion of homosexuality in people?  Lower female sexual arousal.  Socetial, familial, social, historical incidents that caused a person to associate arousal and sex and attraction on a superficial level to the same sex.  But all of those are just superficial mental confusions or temporary experimentations.  Deep down (to our genes) we're all heterosexual.  Saying that people are gay genetically is like saying "Well, some cars are meant to just jiggle in place and not move." The purpose of a car is to provide transportation, just like the purpose of genes is to provide life and replicate.  If a certain contraption doesn't move forward or a bit of cellular   technology   doesn't create survival and replicate, you can't call those respectively, a car or genetic material.Now the arguments of the church are ABSURD.  IF (and this is a strong IF because we know from above genetic evidence that this is not true)  there was some way that someone could be genetically born to be gay, and this is purely hypothetical because we know what not to be true, but hypothetically if someone were genetically gay then outlawing a genetically-defined state would be absolutely absurd and akin to saying to people that they had to collect their sweat and consume it after perspiring.