#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
You said Scripture cannot mean NOW what it did not mean THEN.  This is a true statement.  However, Scripture can have a different application then it did back then.  You seem to be very concerned with the cultural context of cult prostitution in ancient Rome.  And you seem to define "idolatry" in a very narrow sense.  But Paul does not do this.  Go on to Romans 1:28 when he begins to describe all manner of idolatry (which is simply worshipping anything besides creator God--today this could include worship of another person, worship of self, worship of money, worship of television, etc.):  "And since they did not see fit to acknowledge God, God gave them up to a debased mind to do what ought not to be done.  They were filled with all manner of unrighteousness, evil, covetousness, malice.  They are full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, maliciousness.  They are gossips, slanderers, haters of God, insolent, haughty, boastful, inventors of evil, disobedient to parents, foolish, faithless, heartless, ruthless.  Though they know God's decree that those who practice such things deserve to die, they not only do them but give approval to those who practice them" (ESV).So, is Paul still only talking about cult prostitutes here?  He seems to be talking about everyone.  I am thinking about the times I have envied, or gossiped, or was disobedient to my parents.  The question I am asking is:  why would Paul have switched so rapidly from talking about a specific group of people to talking about everyone?First and foremost, we must understand what Paul was trying to say with his words.  What was the author intended meaning.  This is primary.  It is strongly related to how the original audience would have understood Paul's letter, but they are not the same thing.  You seem to have given precedence to the cultural context of the passage over and above the context of the passage in the letter itself.  Both are equally important.  I would argue that placing a passage within the context of its surrounding passages, within the context of the letter itself, and within the context of the Bible as a whole is first and foremost in biblical interpretation.  Cultural context is our aide along the way, but if our findings do not fit the context of the surrounding passages, then we need to go back to the drawing board and reassess what Paul was trying to say.What do you think?