#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Cool.  If you can cross-post, I can cross-post too.  (Oh yeah, and you have comments waiting in the other place you made this post.)"Perhaps the people polled were -not- chosen at random. Perhaps the people polled were pulled from parts of the country where promiscuity, drug use, alcohol, etc. were already rampant. Did the study report their findings on opposite-sex couples within their sample?Furthermore, promiscuity, drug use, alcohol, etc. could very well have been the result of homosexuality being perceived as a social stigma, in which case -homosexuality- is not causing the promiscuity, etc. but -social stigmas-.Or perhaps those are linked to lacking marriage. Are there studies that report these same variables with married and unmarried opposite-sex couples? I don't find this one to be a far cry from the truth either, because homosexuals would be promiscuous as a result of not needing to stay in a marriage.I -will- be satisfied with data once the data is sufficient and can counterbalance some of the data I've found. Until then, I don't think you can draw your conclusions without sticking the word "premature" in front of them."Furthermore, it was demonstrated that some of the studies cited actually came from people polled within AIDS clinics and the like.Personally, I think hate crimes are a decent measure of how society responds to homosexuality:   http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/ucr.htm   (Table 1 for each year under Hate Crimes section) As you'll notice, hate crimes have neither had a dramatic increase or drop since 1995, suggesting that tolerance may only be getting -slightly- better (if we account for the population increase, though we have to counterbalance for cities lost within the samples). Furthermore, you and I both know that there's going to be a time-lag in the feedback system here. Information isn't spread instantaneously; people don't change their perception of themselves overnight.As for the data I've collected, it revolves around -parenting-, and to infer that -parenting- is closely enough related to -mental stability-... I don't think there's a close enough connection. In any case, I pulled the information from here: Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents. Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson. Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.In the introduction, the author cites various other studies which I'm not particularly interested in, though the studies contend that same-sex parents have no effect on children's self esteem.I believe that the study only used forty-four families, though, so you'll have to realize that the sample might be too small and not representative of the community.ÒThe results of the present study, which is the first based on a large national sample of adolescents living with same-sex couples, revealed that on nearly all of a large array of variables related to school and personal adjustment, adolescents with same-sex parents did not differ significantly from a matched group of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents. Regardless of family type, adolescents were more likely to show favorable adjustment when they perceived more caring from adults and when parents described close relationships with them. Thus, as has been reported in studies of children with lesbian mothers (e.g., Chan et al., 1998), it was the qualities of adolescent-parent relationships rather than the structural features of families (e.g., same vs. opposite-sex parents) that were significantly associated with adolescent adjustment (Golombok, 1999; Patterson, 2000).Ó p. 1895