#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Quote:These circumstances made me a magnet for manipulation so at the age of 13 an older boy in my   church   sexually molested me. The feelings in my heart became a vortex of battling conflicts. I hated his touch and I longed for his touch. I hated liking his attention and I hated not having his attention.Over the next three years, I was forced to bear "Ray's" relentless obsession with me. Thankfully, we never had sex. When I finally left the church in disgust, I left home and plunged headlong into the gay lifestyle. The sight of men dancing with each other and publicly kissing made me feel so good. I felt like I was finally in a place where I belonged. In 1980, my first year of   college   I dove headlong into   homosexuality   and all it had to offer. I was new on the gay scene; soon everyone was asking who I was and who I was dating. I went to house parties, orgies, got hooked on "poppers" and started drinking. I was like a kid in a candy store with no parents around! In 1982, I hid my homosexuality so I could join the Army. I traveled all over the world and everywhere I could always find another man to have sex with. I went through periods of deep depression, when I felt so lonely I wanted to die. When I came out of my depression, I had to have sex to make me feel powerful and secure. I developed a hard attitude toward others, even my lovers. People existed to give me pleasure; when I was finished, I simply discarded them. At the height of my life as a gay man I felt invincible! No one could stop me, not even God. "I don't care if I go to hell!" I told God when I felt convicted about my sexuality. But I  was still unhappy and unfulfilled. Thoughts tormented me that I now believe came from satan: You can find sex partners anytime you want, but none of them love you. It was an attempt to push me further along the path of self destruction. After years of homosexual sex in all its devaluing forms, I still felt unloved and worthless. That was over 14 years ago. Of course, there were many issues to confront as I started down the road to total healing.  Healing was and is a process that I embrace with all my heart. God directed me to a church, where I stayed for five years, rising to become second assistant pastor. I was moving away from the residual issues of anger, hatred, and improper sexual passions. Yet I still had to deal with new challenges. Would I be accepted in the church? Would the men sense my homosexual past? Was I really free? Over the next few years, God proved his faithfulness by allowing me to build healthy relationships with godly men who loved me without prejudice. They didn't realize it, but God was using them to heal me of feelings of self-worthlessness. Eventually, I met a young woman who had begun attending the same church and we became friends. Over the next year, God confirmed in many ways that we belonged together. My passions changed and I knew God had created me to love a woman, not a man.  Before I proposed to Dee, I told her about my past. "Honey" she responded, "if God has forgiven you, so do I."  We were married and began our life together. Today, almost 12 years later that woman, Dee— is still my wife, and is still the most beautiful woman in the  world. She’s the   mother   of my four   children   and the love of my life.END QUOTE  http://www.witnessfortheworld.org/dlfoster.html  