#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
We need to also remember a couple of important things about passages from any Bible.  First, even if they WERE Divinely inspired, they've been translated many times over thousands of years.  So you have mistakes, misinterpretations, and even the infusion of personal opinion.  Think about this...1000 years from now if someone attempts to translate an English document, they may not realize that the words "man," "men," and even "mankind" have traditionally referred to all human beings regardless of gender.  Think about the misinterpretations that would create in translation.Second, and this is important... the Bible was written during times when human beings weren't as enlightened and educated as they are now.  People didn't understand the underlying psychology and science of metaphysics.  So Bibles were written to cater to those more ignorant times.  They are full of allegories and simplistic rules and laws in order to control behavior during times when reason wasn't as evolved.  So anyone who still views these simplistic and modified writings as the ultimate law of human behavior, is still living in ignorance.  Two more comments:  1.  If someone is going to quote the Bible as a guide to behavior, then they need to take heed of the entire teachings of the Bible, including the admonishment to NOT JUDGE others.  If you're going to quote the Bible, you lose all credibility if you pass judgement on another person....you're immediately refuting yourself and you look ignorant and foolish.  If you truly understand and adopt the teachings as a GUIDE to living, then you will never utter a word against another human being, but instead take care to treat others with compassion and respect.  Those of you who quote portions of the Bible out of context of the entire missive (if you believe it to be such) are showing ignorance.2.  Any credible psychologist knows that people often speak up against and condemn things that they don't like within themselves.  Almost all homophobic opinions and behavior stem from the speaker's difficulty accepting those feelings within themselves.  Homophobic behavior simply reveals a lack of adjustment to homosexual inclinations.