#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
In his 520 page book, THE BIBLE AND HOMOSEXUAL PRACTICE, anti-gay evangelical Christian activist, Dr. Robert Gagnon, devotes more than ten pages to proving his assertion that "homosexual shrine prostitution" was the primary form of homosexual activity in ancient Israel.So there's no misunderstanding, Dr. Gagnon is adamantly against every kind of homosexual relationship. That's why his opinion about the prevalence of shrine prostitution in ancient Israeli is so startling.When the leading anti-gay evangelical Christian activist admits in print, that gay Christians are right (that the context of Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13 is shrine prostitution), we have already won a major part of the argument. Carefully note what Dr. Robert Gagnon says.“I do not doubt that the circles out of which Lev 18:22 was produced had in view homosexual cult prostitution, at least partly. Homosexual cult prostitution appears to have been the primary form in which homosexual intercourse was practiced in Israel." - Gagnon, p. 130"There is good evidence of homosexual cult prostitution in Israel during the period of the divided monarchy.” p. 100.The [Hebrew] term [qedesim/qades] denotes “men at cult sites who engaged in homosexual prostitution: male temple (or cult, shrine, sacred) prostitutes.” p. 101.Qedesim “...one of whose cultic functions was to offer their bodies to other men for same-sex intercourse.” p. 102.“two other occurances of qedesa in the Bible (Gen 38:21-22; Hos 4:14) also link it with the term zona, “prostitute, harlot.”p. 103. Homosexuality wrong?“The remark in I Kgs 14:24 that the people of Judah “conformed their behavior to all the abominations (toebot) of the nations which Yahweh dispossessed” sounds remarkably like the summary in Lev 18:24-30, which followed a listing of sexual offenses that singled out in particular same-sex male intercourse as an “abomination.”” p. 103.“the same-sex role of the assinu, kugarru, and kuluu (who, owing to castration, were certainly unsuitable partners for heterosexual intercourse and impregnation) does provide good evidence for homosexual cult prostitution.” p. 104.“The harsh descriptions of the qedesim in I-2 Kings (I Kgs 14:24: “even qades were in the land”) and Job 36:14, along with the epithet of “dog” in Deu 23:18, suggests a degree of revulsion more suited to same-sex male cult prostitution.” p. 104.“That means Josiah’s action against the qedesim in the temple precincts was likely taken as a direct result of laws in Deut 23:17-18 regarding the qedesim or “dogs.”” p. 106.“It can hardly be denied that... (the author of Job 36:14) regarded the qedesim as homosexual cult prostitutes.” p. 108.“Cult association is established by the name “holy/consecrated ones” and by the connection to Asherah. The element of prostitution is clear from Deut 23:17-18 (fees for services rendered) and the connection to qedesot, who elsewhere are identified as harlots.” p. 108. Homosexuality wrong?“The same-sex dimension is suggested by the label “dogs,” by history of religion parallels, and by the unlikelihood of male heterosexual prostitution.” p. 108.“The existence of homosexual shrine prostitutes in Judah was a recurring problem.” Dr. Robert Gagnon, p. 110."Its not gay people who are taking the Bible out of context. Its the Christian anti-gay activists who take the Bible out of context.