#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!
#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
Okay, I'm pretty sure you didn't understand what I was saying the first time. I will take the blame for this because I probably didn't word it clearly. Allow me to try again.People (and many species of animals) live in groups. People whose groups survive are able to pass on their genes. Those genetic traits which help the society as a whole to survive, are passed along. Therefore, if some homosexuality helps a group to survive and homosexuality is somehow genetic, then those groups with genes that cause a certain percentage of the population to be homosexual, will survive. In this way nature does "see" the effect of one person on another.In your second paragraph you argue that complex process, that can only be understood by intelligence, require an intelligent designer. I respect you as a debater, so I will not call your logic fucking retarded. Instead, I will point out that there are many process that exist, which are complicated, but also have natural explanations. The concept of quantum physics is complicated, so is planetary formation and biology...however each of these process has a natural explanation that can be "proven" by science. One could argue that all of these things came about by magic...but one may also want to repeat fourth grade science and leave the thinking to the adults.Third Paragraph: I talked about homosexual siblings helping their brothers reproduce. I got this from the video I posted. I have been able to find no other source for it... so I will not claim it to be fact. Nevertheless, as you said, religion helped not because it increased reproduction, but because it was beneficial to the societies survival (i.e. people didn't kill each other). Couldn't homosexuality have the same effect? If a percentage of the population being homosexual bonded the society in some way, wouldn't this be beneficial as well? This has been seen in animal populations.... although obviously not humans.As far as your argument that homosexuality causes a break in the genetic chain, and therefore wouldn't be passed on... please check out these lnks 1 and 2. They both talk about how the more older brothers you have, the more likely it is you're a homosexual. This means that the genes of homosexuals are still likely to be passed on through their older siblings, even though not directly.Finally we arrive at your most offensive argument, where you call homosexuals "freaks of nature". I would rage way to hard if I tried to respond to this claim myself, so please check out this site which addresses your argument that homosexuality somehow is a way to stop "bad" genes from passing on.