#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
In response to my assertion that only an atheist can be truly moral because religious folks have mixed motives -- they also want to earn a ticket to heaven -- you claim that   Christians   are different from other religious types because they know they can't get to heaven by being "good." Instead, you say, "Christians believe that accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of their sin by grace ... is what enables them to go to heaven." OK, so you spell out a particular way to earn that ticket. But surely you don't think you could live a life of total evil and massive cruelty and still get a Go-To-Heaven-Free card just by "accepting Jesus Christ as God's Son and the forgiveness of [your] sin by grace." I'm sure you'd present some weasel words to say that you can't really do the former and the latter at the same time, but it isn't the behavior that impresses God, it's the accepting part. OK, whatever. You can still impress him favorably or unfavorably, right, and that may influence where he sends you after death.But how about taking a quick test to check the purity of your motives. Imagine that God came to you and explained that he didn't supervise the writing of the Bible and it has some errors. Most importantly, there really is no Heaven or Hell, or indeed any afterlife for humans. When you die, you're dead. Period. And there's no resurrection except for Jesus. Furthermore, he doesn't reward or punish people in this world, either. He leaves that responsibility to other people and their societies. In short, there is no devine reward or punishment at all. You live your life and then you die, and if you want to worship   god   and obey his instructions, that's your choice (free will), but there's no benefit to you. He doesn't even keep track of who does and who doesn't.Furthermore, he points out that, contrary to your statement, he's never sacrificed anything for humans, because he always has everything he could ever want, and anything he does for us is no skin off his nose. He isn't even capable of sacrifice. Even seeing his so-called son on the cross didn't cause him any displeasure. He's not human, after all, and cannot suffer. It's not possible. And he can't be pleased, either. He's already perfect. He is not humanoid, as many people like to imagine.Given that information, can you honestly say that you would continue to worship him as devoutly as before, knowing that you will get absolutely nothing in return? If you can, then I will award you a special Purity of Motives award. But I think those awards will be quite rare, indeed.