#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Next you'll be telling us we should all catch bugs in a web and eat them because it works for spiders. Men and   women   are not the same, politically correctness to the contrary. Millions of years of   evolution   have caused men and women to adapt to the best model to preserve the species. One is not less than the other, but they are different. It takes the combined natural adaptations of both to produce an individual that is able to survive and reproduce in turn.You can argue until hell freezed over but you will never legislate natural   law   out of existance. Yeah, maybe it'd be better if pi was equal to 3 instead of 3.145926....., but wishful thinking will never make it so. It is what is and we are what we are. I do not mean to be unkind, but   homosexuality   is not a survival characteristic, it's an evolutionary dead end. You can argue that other alternatives to the traditional family unit are equally contra survival, perhaps even with some small merit, but that doesn't   change   the fact that the traditional family unit provides the best possible   benefits   to   children  .Children are not   pets  . I can't even begin to express how low my opinion is of anyone who would use children as bargaining chips as a way to legitimize their own lifestyle choices. If you want a pet, get a puppy or a kitten. Better yet, start with a nice house plant and if it's still alive after a year, get a fish or a hamster. With experience, you may eventually become competent to care for a critter as complex as a   baby   cat or dog. The big difference between a pet kitten and a human child is with the kitten, you are not responsible for teaching it everything it will need to know to survive for the 50 plus years it will live after leaving your care.I have a high opinion of free will even though I don't always agree with the way it is exercised. If you're gay, I fully respect your right to be left alone to make the best life you can for yourself. The moment you say you should be allowed to impose your will on another, you will find me in adament opposition to your position. Do what you like as long as you do me no harm in the process, and leave children alone.