#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
 It was written by Edwin Lutzer and its quite good and is broken down into six  interesting categories. I have a summary of it below and recommend this book to other Christians.Page 15 para. 4 line 1 quote, The purpose of this book is to encourage and equip  God's people to defend   marriage  , giving reasons why its definition should not be broadened  include same-sex marriages.end quoteReasons I found in this book to not support   same-sex marriage  .Page 25 para 3. And page 60 quote, " We cannot wrest   children   from the God-given format of family relationships without serious consequences. Also page 62 quote by Mary Stewart van Leeuwen, a Christian feminist, says, She predicts unforeseen consequences from such a radical overhaul of mariage and family.end quotePage 27 the last paragraph and page 28 the first paragraph stating, quote ;  ..who is to say that it is to be limited to two people? Why not a trio of three men or woman? Or why not one man with two wives or ten?, After all, we must extend " equal rights" to all individuals to live according to any arragement they wish. end quoteAnd page 62 para. 2 quote by James Skillen of the Center for Public Justice predicts" Its going to be increasingly possible to produce children, buy, and sell children, because in addition to   adoption  , that is the only way homosexual couples can have children." end quote. Page 35 para. 5 stating quote ;We must point out that the Bible does not speak about   homosexuality   with a muffled voice.end quote If we are to be followers of Jesus then we must follow the Bible. The Bible is not unclear on the subject of sexual immorality, either homosexual or heterosexual.Page 37 paragraphs 2 & 3. Quote; I believe that we as evangelicals have failed these people, many of whom populate our churches. As a pastor I've listened to their stories of brokeness and heartache. I've heard stories of molestation, of the emptiness of sex without commitment, without love, without caring. No matter what we see on televesion, the gay community is hurting, compulsively acting out behavior to cover their pain. These are the people for whom we must have compassion, understanding, and care. Its a hurting world out there, and all of the wells are dry.end quotePage 45 para.2 "IT IS NOT GOOD FOR THE MAN TO BE ALONE; I WILL MAKE HIM A HELPER SUITABLE FOR HIM".Gd made a woman.Page 59 para. 4. quote, " Evidence suggests that the reason there are more suicides among homosexuals is not because of the ridicule they receive from heterosexuals, but rather because of the inner confilict that the lifestyle of necessity brings with it.end quoteQuote from page 69 which I wholeheartedly support quote, "When we turn from the Lord, He does not fight for us, but allows us to be distressed by those who oppose us."end quote The cure for our countries moral ailments is Gd.Page 73. Quote, "Even if we argue that we are born with certain predispositions, we still have human responsibltiy for our lifestyles and actions. end quote. Choice. Now that is a better philosophy if you ask me, giving someone a choice that is REAL LOVE.Page 77 Quote " Chaste homosexuals like chaste herterosexuals, must be enfolded within the community of the   church  . They need the support of the wider Christian community, and the larger family of God." end quote. I agree.  We all need the Truth and God, anything else will not save us and is a lie.Page 80 is very, very good too. Quote, " The homosexual movement , with its stringent insistence that all oppositoin be silenced, has been " imposing" its agenda on society with a vengence. end quote. Just look at what they did to me!!!Page 83 is frightening. Quote, " Many homsexual males distinguish between emotional fidelity and sexual exclusivity. end quote. Dangerous and sad.Page 93 para 2. Third, we must carfully nurtue and protect our young people. Studies have shown that a child who readches puberty can either become a homosexual or heterosexual depending on environmental factors. end quote. TRUTH IN BLACK AND WHITE AS TO WHY THE SCHOOLS ARE RECRUITING OUR CHILDREN. And finally the pages that I feel repremand the Church as a whole for not speaking out more and these pages make this book valuable to the Church as a whole. Pages 97, 99,103 All of chapter 6, esp page 107  titiled, WE MUST SEEK GOD.