#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Certainly, all that you like and dislike is the result of genetic predisposition, however, it is not a result of genetics alone. There is no true question of whether a behavior is genetic or environmentally induced - all human behavior is necessarily a product of both. Genetics establishes which choices are open to you given the context you find yourself in. Naturally, if you have a predisposition to sex with those of your same gender but there are only choices among those of the OPPOSITE gender, if you wish to have sex, you MUST choose among those available to you OR choose not to have sex at all. The same is true of heterosexuals. That you prefer sex with the opposite gender in no way implies you MUST engage in only that type or cannot choose otherwise given different circumstances.That I am genetically predisposed for talent in drawing, painting, or carpentry doesn't imply I MUST engage those talents. So too, that I am genetically handicapped in my ability to understand and perform in mathematics or music or languages in no way implies I CAN'T at least try and enjoy those experiences. One has no choice in one's genetics, however, one always has choice in the expression of those predispositions.That one is born with the sexual organs of a female in no way implies one must have sex with a male and vice versa. It also does not imply one cannot alter one's anatomy to live the life of a different gender or no specific gender at all. Indeed, there are persons who are conceived and born with precisely that non-polar form. My hair is predisposed to grow until the day I die, however, I choose to cut it from time to time. Genetics gave me brown hair, however, I can choose to die it red. Genetics gave me two legs of a specific length, however, I can choose to medically lengthen or shorten them or choose not to use them at all. Genetics establishes the parameters for choice but it does not make the choices themselves.