#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
MARTIN: "And I do not follow your reference to the old blind man and the elephant metaphor. Are you saying we are subjective beings? This is a pretty obvious point isn't it? And again, by bringing this up you have disproved your position. Really what the question at hand is about is whether or not there is a definitive genetic make-up for a gay person that will inevitably lead them to a homosexual lifestyle. I struggle to find this to be even a slightly defensible position."MY RESPONSE: Hopefully by now you have come to realize (assuming you are familiar with the fable of "The Blind Men and the Elephant," that my analogy is not nearly so nonsensical as you thought.  My point was that, while each of us lands somewhere upon the continuum between "gay" and "straight," and cannot change our orientation, still some of us, as a function of where we land, experience sexual attraction as something which is primarily directed towards people of the opposite gender to our own, while some of us experience it as something which is primarily directed towards people of our own gender, and still others experience it as a "choice" in that they find themselves attracted to people of either gender.  That being the case, each of us, in relation to the continuum of sexual orientation, is like one of the old blind men in relation to the elephant in the story.  If we land near the the trunk, we believe that an elephant is a lot like a snake.  If we land near the tail, we are certain the elephant is most like a rope, etc.  In the same way, if we are born straight, we most likely assume that anyone who does not manifest heterosexual attractions and behavior is somehow simply a pervert.  If we are born bisexual to one degree or another, we assume that everyone has a choice, since we seem to have a choice, being attracted to one degree or another to people of both genders.  If we are born gay, I think most of us do understand quite clearly that the rest of the world does not easily identify with our sexual orientation, however, we understand their version of sexuality only by what we see in the culture around us, not by our own experience. We are, perhaps, best equipped of any group to understand the reality of others' experience, since we are surrounded by it, can clearly see that it exists and that it is real, and know without a doubt that it does not match our own.