#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
First of all, these groups are too small to have any statistical meaning. Second, there is no indication of how these so called studies were conducted, how participants were chosen, how questions were phrased, or answers were graded, or even the least indication of anything resembling a double blind. Among other major considerations, what passes for a control group is children from broken homes. Give me a break!!!RE: "So you would punish the child and the child's parents for an injustice committed by -someone else-?"Is English your second language? Your own quotes refute your position and show that children raised by same sex couples are at least as screwed up in the head, and likely more so, than children raised in broken homes. I don't know how you define "disadvantage", but this clearly is one, which happens to be the essence of the topic in the first place.No one is talking about "punishing" anyone. If you are part of a same sex couple, you are quite obviously well aware that union WILL NOT PRODUCE CHILDREN. You are evidently of the view that human children should be a free market item of commerce, as available as a puppy at a pound. Even adoption of puppies these days is subject to a certain amount of screening by the better run shelters. Do you have a fenced yard? Do you have a stable home? Are you tempermentally suited to caring for a puppy? Etc.As stated previously, a stable, opposite sex parent home, is the ideal environment to raise children. Your three post rant shows nothing to refute that claim. That the researchers you cite won't waste their time trying to compare same sex couples to that model speaks for itself. They know better, and if you are at all honest, so do you.If you're gay, accept yourself for what you are and try to live the happiest and best life you can on that basis. If you can do that, my hat's off to you. If you're insecure in what you are, and believe you can prop that up by dragging an innocent child into the mix, you are selfish, irresponsible and unworthy of respect. Anyone who thinks they should be able to buy a kid in order to feed their ego is not a good person.