#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
"Anything else is a disadvantage by definition."Cool.  Got research to back that one up?  Because I have tons that tell you that you're wrong.Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents.  Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson.  Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.“The small body of research that has focused on adolescent offspring of families headed by same-sex couples includes Huggins's (1989) study of 36 adolescents, ages 13 to 19, 18 with divorced heterosexual and 18 with divorced lesbian mothers.  In this study, Huggins reported no differences in adolescent self-esteem as a function of mothers' sexual orientation.  Daughters of lesbian mothers also had higher self-esteem if their mother had a romantic partner who lived in the home, if their fathers did not display negative attitudes about the mother's sexual orientation, and if they learned of their mother's sexual orientation at an early age.  Huggins also reported that one adolescent with a heterosexual mother, but none with the lesbian mothers, identified as nonheterosexual.” p. 1887“O'Connor (1993) studied 11 young men and women, ages 16 to 23, who were the children of divorced or separated lesbian mothers.  Qualitative findings suggested that participants expressed strong love, loyalty, and protectiveness toward their mothers, and a desire for others to understand the benefits of having a lesbian mother, such as increased sensitivity to prejudice.  Informants, however, described worries about losing friends or being judged by others and their need to keep their mothers' sexual orientation a secret from at least some people external to the family.” p. 1887“Gershon, Tschann, and Jemerin (1999) studied self-esteem, perception of stigma, and coping skills among adolescent offspring of lesbian mothers.  They conducted interviews with 76 adolescents, ages 11 to 18, and examined the impact of societal factors on self-esteem.  The participants had either been born to women who identified as lesbians (25 adolescents) or had been born in the context of their mother's earlier heterosexual marriage (51 adolescents).  Gershon et al. found that adolescents who perceived more stigma related to having a lesbian mother had lower self-esteem in five of seven areas, including social acceptance, self-worth, behavioral conduct, physical appearance, and close friendship.  They hypothesized that the presence of various types of coping skills would moderate this relationship between perceived stigma and self-esteem.  However, their results showed that only good decision making had a moderating effect: In the face of high perceived stigma, adolescents possessing better decision-making skills had higher self-concept in the area of behavioral conduct.”“A slightly older population was studied in Tasker and Golombok's (1997) longitudinal study of young adult offspring of lesbian mothers.  Forty-six young adults, ages 17 to 35, were interviewed in this follow-up to Golombok et al.'s (1983) study of children raised in divorced lesbian mother or divorced heterosexual mother families.  In this generally well-adjusted sample, young men and women who were raised by lesbian mothers were no more likely than those raised by heterosexual mothers to experience depression or anxiety.  Adult children from lesbian mother families were also no more likely than those from other families to have sought professional help for psychiatric problems.  They reported having close friendships during adolescence and were no more likely to remember peer group hostility than were those from other families.  Offspring of lesbian mothers were also no more likely to report same-sex sexual attraction or a gay, lesbian, or bisexual identity than were those from heterosexual families.  They were, however, more likely to have considered a gay or lesbian relationship as a possibility for themselves and to have been involved in a same-sex relationship, suggesting that although sexual attraction and identity may not be related to parental sexual orientation, the likelihood of considering or entering a same-sex relationship may be associated with parents' sexual orientation.” p. 1887