#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
I have no objection to same sex marriage. People should be left alone and be allowed to do whatever they think will make them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else.I do, however, strongly oppose adoption by same sex couples. In that case, you're taking a unique individual and placing that individual in a situation in which they have no say in the matter.I'll put this question to those with an opposing view: How many of you have ever regretted NOT being raised by a same sex couple? If you were making the choice for yourself, is it what you would have chosen?My parents were divorced when I was 7. There were many times growing up I wished they had stayed together. Never once growing up did it even cross my mind to wish either would find a member of their own sex so the two could raise me together. In fact, I wasn't all that crazy about most of their opposite sex partners.With that said, the greatest advantage comes from growing up in a loving home, with the two people who gave you life in the first place. Anything else is a disadvantage by definition. From there, the argument becomes one of assiging a value to the degree of disadvantage. That's no easy task and involves infinite shades of gray.Never the less, if it's possible to identify the best solution, it should also be possible to say the farther alternate and lesser solutions deviate from the ideal model, the greater the resulting disadvantage.You can say society should be more accepting of alternate lifestyles, and no doubt it should. That does not change the fact that it does not. You can say a child's peers shouldn't haze them for being part of an alternate lifestyle, and no doubt they should not. That doesn't change the fact that they do.It is irrefutable that it is only possible to produce children through heterosexual means. Millions of years of   evolution   has defined heterosexuality as having the highest advantage for every life form higher than bacteria. In the game of survival of the fittest, that's what works best. A child raised with the tools to form a lasting bond with members of the opposite sex has the greatest advantage, by the only definition that matters. It is what works best in terms of both survival of the individual and of the species.