#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Hi Periannath,Thanks for your reply and the grace with which it was given. But, Periannath, there is an obvious question that lots of people will be asking you right now - "Do you eat pork?"If the answer is positive, should you not then admit that something certainly has changed between the Old and New Testaments? Also, is it is vital for you as a teacher to find out what that thing is?I, like you, believe in the inspiration of Holy Scripture. But I also see something dramtic happening at Pentecost, when God's people were placed under a new covenant, and released from the "tutors and govenors" of the Mosaic Law (Galations 4v1-5).In Acts 15, the apostles acted decisively against a "sect of the Pharisees who had believed, saying that it was needful to circumcise them (Christians), and to command them to keep the Law of Moses." (V5) I have the whole weight of New Testament scripture behind me when I say that Christians no longer need to keep the Mosaic Law.So how then does any Christian explain Jesus' words in Matthew 5v17-20. For me, the answer lies in verse 19, and the phrase, "the least of these commandments," because Jesus wasn't actually referring directly to the Law of Moses with this phrase. Instead, he was referring to the commandments that he was about to utter-  v22, v28, v34, v40, v44; Chapter 6v3, v7, v14, 20, 25; Chapter 7v1. Finally, Jesus sums up the morality that underpins the Mosaic Law, by saying-"So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets." (Chapter 7v12)Jesus didn't come to "destroy" the Mosaic Law- that is certain. He came to ensure that the morality that underpins that Law is fulfilled in the believers life. And what is that morality? I have just quoted what Jesus taught about that morality. It correlated exactly with the "Royal Law" - "Love you neighbour as yourself."How do you think that I break this Royal Law?Lots of love,gaychristian