#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Before I go any further please note that I'm talking about being at a "disadvantage" and not that they're not going to be equivelant. As for the number of years needed, well lets see. I don't know if there's ever really been a real study about this. As a SIMPLE scientific test, I would be getting at least a 100 samples of each group. 100 from same gender parents and 100 from heterosexual parents. I would then devide these into groups of 10. These groups would be of the equivelant social standing. ie 10 middle class families of each group, 10 of minority groups of the same standing, 10 of groups with siblings and 10 with no siblings and so on until major groups of families are represented. This would be a simple experiment otherwise a lot more than 100 from each group would be needed.Then we would study these children and compare as they grow up, go to school, middle school, high school, college, University. We would continue as they get jobs and begin the journey of life. The study would continue when they get married, their marriage would be studied. Their behavior with their spouses, and when they have children how they treat and deal with their children. This would have to continue until they're about 60 years old. The data would constantly be compared and only then we MAY have some kind of an idea of how these children were Influenced, disadvantaged or not. Many scientific studies which involve human behavior have taken generations of scientists who inherit the study from previous scientists who spent a lifetime studying certain people.Now you know why I said there can not be aby scientific proof as yet, since the adoption policy by the same gender parents has not been out for long enough time.Again let me reiterate that I'm not saying we shouldn't let same gender partners adopt children or have custody of children, but what I am saying is that those children are at a disadvantage. 