#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
"'You assume that rational truth is objective, that spiritual truth is not...'  Yes I do."You never came to respond to my critique; your concept that rational truth is objective and spiritual-religious truth is not and that thus rational truth is more correct is an assumption.  You even concur that it is subjective but respond not by defending its objectivity but continuing to reinforce the idea of the apparent subjectivity of spiritual truth.  In this case, for the purposes of argument, it can be said that both rational and spiritual truth are subjective and there is not basis to argue that rational truth is higher or more true because it also falls to the realm of subjectivity.  You cannot argue...1.) Rational objective and spiritual truth is subjective2.) Objective truth is higher than subjective truth3.) Rational truth is higher than spiritual truthwhen you concur that rational truth is not objective, the logic fails.  Essentially when you answer "Yes I do" assume, you are begging the question.  You are assuming the thing to which you are trying to prove.  Furthermore, you assume that human beings are excellent rational beings.  A capacity for rationality does not guarantee rational excellency.  In reality most people are irrational and base choices off of not what one would could call rational and logical reasoning but on emotive  persuasions and fanciful constructions that care less with the matter of fact, as is, and more with the matter of desire, what is wanted from their self.  The idea then, that people are primarily rational is also unfounded.  Following, leaving morality to the tending of human rational thought alone is foolish.  It lacks good sense and sound judgment.  It is of no coincidence that the founders of our nation invoked divine aid in much of the process of the framing of the constitution among a great many things.  Congress opens in prayer with purpose.  Even many of the central principles of American constitutional government are founded in Judeo-Christian principles because these principles were thought of as special revelation, truth give to man from God that is superior to any form of truth gained through rational thought.  Even the Enlightenment thought of Descartes only justified the veracity of sensory evidence from which rational thought can deduct from because God guarantees the truthfulness of certain perceptions.  Without this guarantee there is not trust that anything we perceive has any basis in actual, objective reality.  The wise choice is not to leave moral truth to the realm of human rational alone.  More on this but I have to go now.  Peace Sid,Spencer