#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt
#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
So what you are saying is that two men can never love each other in a romantic way? That they can never want to spend the rest of their lives together, through good times and bad, in sickness and in health? Why? What in your 18 years of life allows you to be so certain of this claim? Are all homosexuals who claim to be in love lying? And now you are calling me arrogant? I am not the one stepping on people's liberty? I am not the one who is calling an entire group of humanity Would you marry a man? Then why should a lesbian be forced to marry a man? To claim that you are not denying people rights is as ludacris as the argument segregationists used to keep interracial marriage illegal: "we're not violating their rights, because no one can marry outside of their gender, not just blacks."I have a problem with the fact that your only reasons stem from a 2,000 year old book, and not from reason. Should we make shellfish illegal? The bible says we should. How about the part of the Bible that says, when a man sleeps with his daughter they both should be put to death. Allow me to repeat that for you: if a little girl is raped by her dad, she should be killed. By basing your ideas on religion, and not reason, you are essentially creating a theocracy. Are you familiar with the first amendment?Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religionA law based on religious reasons is an establishment of religion by definition. Your definition of family is equally bullshit. If I had a religion that said black people were evil, could I make laws that would discriminate against them? Well your own church thought so up until the 1970s.Until you give me an actual reason as to why gays should not adopt, you are still a fool for denying Americans rights. Your failure to recognize love in more then the narrow forms that your religion defines shows both narrow mindedness and bigotry. I can say this and know that in no way am I being arrogant, because if you were to ask me why I believe any action is either moral or immoral, I could give you reasons, and not mindlessly quote some book. Whether I am right or wrong is certainly debatable, but at least I can back up my beliefs.