#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
According to the bible, God wrote the commandments on stone tablets with his own hand yet the  bible was printed on paper.  The Ten Commandments were written thousands of years before the bible was written.  That answers that question.Many people believe the bible should be taken literally. Please then explain the following:In Numbers 31:1-18, God commands Moses to kill all the adult male Midianites and kidnap all the women and children.  The the Lord commanded Moses to kill all the male children and kill all the non-virgin females. Moses then said that the remaining female children could be taken as sexual slaves.And people think Islam is a religion of violence?  So, explain this passage but here is the catch: you cannot say every word in the bible must be taken literally but then write off passages like this as "parables" meant to teach us some other lesson.I will never try to tell someone that there is or isn't a God or tell them what to believe, that is a personal choice and I respect those who make that choice. But why not respect others for making their own choices? When one sect of Christianity tells me that members of other Christian sects cannot enter heaven, it is clear that many Christians do not espouse the principles of their own faith.  When one sees a person treat their fellow humans like dirt six days a week but go to church on Sunday and have a "What Would Jesus Do" license plate frame, I have nothing but disgust.And do not forget that the text of the ten commandments are also found, almost word for word, in the Qur'an. ("or come nigh to adultery: for it is a shameful" 017:032)And further more, the first five books of the old testament of the bible is also known as the Torrah from Judaism, written well before the bible.I think like Sid, I treat people as a result of human rights, not because of God's promise of heaven because the wrong motivation is a factor. If you are good to people only so you can go to heaven then you really are doing it for you, not your fellow human being. 