#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
"But at the beginning of creation God 'made them male and female.'[a] 7'For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife,[b] 8and the two will become one flesh.'[c] So they are no longer two, but one. 9Therefore what God has joined together, let man not separate."Scripture as we know it - is only scripture because the whole book (all 66 chapters) flow together in a common theme. Therefore, topics that talk about man and woman and man and woman being the exclusive partnership that God blesses (marriage) are crucial. I'm sorry to see that you've not mentioned it(Mark 10:6-9) in your Seven Flawed Arguments. It may be that you cannot explain the matter, or that it doesn't flow with your interpretation of what you feel Scripture is saying.Scripture is clear here, what God has joined let no man separate. Now you may rightfully say that the context in which Jesus elaborates is a context of a discussion of adultery. (see Mark 10:2-4)"2Some Pharisees came and tested him by asking, "Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife?"    3"What did Moses command you?" he replied.      4They said, "Moses permitted a man to write a certificate of divorce and send her away." However, it is within the context of speaking of adultery that we understand what God has put together. God has put together man and woman, this is the pure blessing of God. I quote "God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve. This argument says God will only bless marriages exactly like Adam and Eve, although God never makes that assertion in the Bible. For example, only two chapters after Adam and Eve, we discover a polygamous marriage in Genesis 4:19, on man with two women."However this assertion is not correct. He makes that assertion in Mark 10:6-9. Also, just because a listing is in the Bible does not authenticate itself because it is listed, nor because it appears to be blessed. What do I mean?God created man and woman to be the perfect union, and when we read about the union with the man and two women, it does not say that God blessed that union. We do know that this happened after sin entered into the world and was not the joining that God entitled for humans (see Mark 10:7). Therefore, just because you have a listed (correctly as it's mentioned in the Bible) a union between man and two women, doesn't mean it's authenticated by the Bible.Your statement about (4) Matthew 19:3-12 is also quite incorrect. Why so?First, Jesus doesn't make an exception for heterosexual marriage. Jesus only replies to his disciples assertion in verse 10 that it is better not to marry. Jesus doesn't say it is better not to marry a woman but instead a man. Actually, there are no contradictions to marriage between a man and a woman, only Jesus' response to his disciples. His response details why it's better not to marry.Second, you are right about three classes of eunuchs, but understand this - that a eunuch is one who has sexual organs removed (castration). And note the three classes, one born without sexual organs v.12, and one made that way by men (or humans) and finally one who has renounced marriage or become a eunuch for the kingdom of heaven(for ministry or the work of the clergy). There is no mention about exceptions for the case of homosexuality here, it appears to be your own interpretation. 