#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Are people born gay?  Why would anyone in their right mind get in a detailed argument over intricacies of genetic   science   with a group of people who are still ideologically conflicted about the basic facts of   evolution  ? The essential question here is whether or not human beings have the right to define themselves, according to their own perceptions of themselves.  I assert that we each have that right.Does anyone really think that someone would just wake-up one fine morning and decide to change their sexual orientation to be someone who attracts bigotry almost anywhere in the world.  Being gay or lesbian attracts anger of the morally rigid and the sexually-uncertain everywhere.  Sure there are few people are wired that way, who would choose to side with the under-dog and to be with the outcast. There were a few brave souls who so identified with the plight of Jews. that they wore the yellow star even though they themselves were not genetically Jewish. One of those brave souls was the King of Denmark.  A few white people in apartheid infected South Africa made that choice, but not many.I'd say the odds are way high against gayness being a decision and much higher for it being a genetic predetermination. But, in the larger picture, why does is matter? If a person is gay or chooses to be gay what business is it of anyones?  Why do you care if I am gay or straight or bi or if I had some surgery to look like what you think I'm supposed to be?  Everyone agrees that love is blind. What if it's just a matter of who you fall in love with?  I am almost 65 I I still don't understand why people choose to be in one   religion   or another then assume that they have the right to force-fit everyone into their religious template.  A person's religion is definitely not genetically determined. It is easily, or at least readily, changed. People change their minds about religion all the time. Why should   society  's rules be made to comport with anything as fungible as religion?There are myriad arguments against the fundamental human right to be human.  There is only one argument for it. That it is right.