#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
Lets begin with this..love is a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person, a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection. Now a question..if a woman has the right to love a man, why cant a woman love a woman or a man love a man? Love is love and it has no gender. You cant help who you love. Who is anyone in this world to say who someone else can fall in love with? People say that being gay is choice. Well, heres another question..do you wake up in the morning and say "hey, I think I'm going to be straight today"? I don't think so. You are not born straight or gay. You are born asexual. You have no sexual orientation. As you grow and develop you become attracted to things and for some its the opposite sex and for others its the same sex. Gays are as normal as straights or anything else in this world. Besides, who are any of us to say what NORMAL is? I've been on several websites about this gay marriage thing and most of them argued that it wouldnt be right in the eyes of "god". Now, I dont believe in god, but if there is in fact a god than why would he have made gays if he wouldnt approve of them? It just doesnt make any sense. Other websites have tried arguing that gays are the reason for AIDS and STDS. This is not true. If you search for the answer to the quesion "where did AIDS orginate from?" you would find several different answers, but none would say anything about gays. People are trying their hardest to prove that homosexuality should not be allowed by throwing false information around and that will get you no where. Another thing that people are trying say is that gay parents will raise gay children. This isn't true either. This goes back to the asexual thing. If you're going to be gay you are going to be gay. It doesn't matter who raises you or what your religion is or anything that you have any control over. I know a gay couple bothwho has two daughters  of which are straight. So that is proof that that suggestion is indeed false. And as for the statements saying that gay marriages are unatural because in "traditional" marriages the man and woman can have children, there are plenty of straight couples out there that are popping out children left and right! It doesn't matter how many gays there are because there will always be straight couples and there will always be more children being born. And as for gays, there are plenty of ways for them to also have children. So lets put that arguement to a rest, please! Gays deserve the same rights as straights. Gays are no different than straights. They wake up every morning and they have a life. The only thing thats different about them is they love someone of the same sex rather than the opposite. There is absolutely no reason why a gay couple should not be able to get married and have the same rights as a straight couple. 