#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
First off, let me say thank you for your thoughtful comments.  I can see that you have really looked into this issue.  I have read the article on Romans and Shine Prostitution and found it to be well-argued.  Although, I am a little bothered by the use of the term anti-gay.  I have read portions of Gagnon's book and he, like yourself, struggled with this issue.  Early on in the book, he writes about his heartfelt struggle.  When someone argues that homosexual practice is a sin, this does not make them anti-homosexual, or anti-anything.  I have desperately struggled with this issue personally and for the sake of others.  I would never characterize myself as anti-gay.  As I grow closer to Jesus, I feel more and more his love for all people well up inside of me.  I wish the church as a whole weren't homophobic.  I wish I didn't have to hear people around me, most of whom are Christians, use "gay" and other words I won't mention, as derogatory comments.  (When I am feeling bold, I gently correct them.)  Sometimes I don't want to call myself a Christian because this associates me with some of the people who have incited hate-mongering against homosexuals.  My heart aches over this struggle because I have personally been affected by it and I have met many others who have felt these affects as well.In the sending of his only son, Jesus Christ, God offered all people a saving relationship with himself.  This is the fulfillment of the Abrahamic covenant:  "I will bless you and make you a great nation and through you all people will be blessed".  In this fulfillment, the people of God became all those who accepted, believed in, and followed the one whom God sent, Jesus Christ.  In the Mosaic or Sinai covenant, Israel was required to obey the Mosaic law in order to receive salvation.  But in Christ, the people of God, all people, Jew and Gentile, were freed from the law and now received salvation through the grace of Jesus Christ by faith.  So, to put it briefly, in Christ, God has removed the contractual obligation of the law and has offered a relationship.  This never ceases to amaze me!!  He wants to be in relationship with me!!  