#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
------- "Firstly the Bible never says David and Jonathan "lay together", which supports the cultural view that D&J were not a couple." -------God (not gays) chose to emphasize the David and Jonathan story in the Bible, chapter after chapter. This exceptional love story receives major emphasis because God the Holy Spirit, the ultimate Author of scripture, intended to give it major emphasis.The Holy Spirit spends more time describing the love relationship between David and Jonathan than He spends describing David and Michal’s heterosexual marriage. The Bible never so extravagantly and extensively describes a heterosexual marriage relationship.David and Princess Michal's partnership was an arranged marriage while David and Crown Prince Jonathan's partnership clearly involved mutual love.  http://www.gaychristian101.com/Jonathan-Loved-David.html  I believe this story, part of Hebrew scripture for three thousand years, is God’s way of encouraging the modern Christians to affirm faithful, committed gay partnerships. Will modern Christians listen to God?------- "My second problem is a larger than life woman called Bathsheba (2 Sam 11). Surely if David was gay, his adultery would have been to   murder   her, and chase Uriah, her husband?! His actions with her are VERY inconsistent with those of a gay man, aren't they?" -------Interesting point, Gay Christian. It helps our understanding if we keep the timeline in mind. At the time of the Bathsheba incident, Crown Prince Jonathan has been dead for many years.The fifteen year partnership between Jonathan and David ended with Jonathan's untimely death in battle. By necessity, David has moved on, taking heterosexual wives, as ancient Kings did, to produce offspring who will inherit his kingdom.Yet remember David's testimony about Jonathan, given years earlier as a eulogy before David's mighty army."I am distressed for you, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant have you been to me: your love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women." -2 Samuel 1:26  http://www.gaychristian101.com/Gay-Couples-In-The-Bible.html  