#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Since the bible is interpreted in many ways, translated in numerous versions and how the old law does not apply to Christians—then no, homosexuality is not a sin.  Why do religious zealots constantly tell homosexuals that they’re committing a sin by loving another person of the same gender?  What about the woman sitting in the pew next to them who has been divorced, yet remarried again while her husband’s still alive?  It’s adultery.  People are judging based upon their interpretation of the bible, which ultimately separates people. The old law is just that: old.  Look at Galatians chapter two verses 17 through 21:"But what if we seek to be made right with God through faith in Christ and then find out that we are still sinners? Has Christ led us into sin? Of course not! Rather, I make myself guilty if I rebuild the old system I already tore down. For when I tried to keep the law, I realized I could never earn God’s approval. So I died to the law so that I might live for God. I have been crucified with Christ. I myself no longer live, but Christ lives in me. So I live my life in this earthly body by trusting in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. I am not one for those who treats the grace of God as meaningless. For if we could be saved by keeping the law, then there was no need for Christ to die. That one sentence says it all: {“For if we could be saved by keeping the law, then there was no need for Christ to die.”}Then you have this passage:“You and I are Jews by birth, not ‘sinners’ like the Gentiles. And yet we Jewish Christians know that we become right with God, not by doing what the law commands, but by faith in Jesus Christ. So we have believed in Christ Jesus, that we might be accepted by God because of our faith in Christ-and not because we have obeyed the law. ***For no one will ever be saved by obeying the law.***” ~Galatians 2:15-16Relying on Jesus’ sacrifice is why love between two people is not wrong. The Old Law no longer binds us.Then, the ex-gay woman chucked this scripture at me:“Don’t you know that those who do wrong will have no share in the Kingdom of God? Don’t you fool yourselves. Those who indulge in sexual sin, who are idol worshipers, adulterers, male prostitutes, homosexuals, thieves, greedy people, drunkards, abusers, and swindlers---none of these will have a share in the Kingdom of God.” Corinthians 6:9-11They cherry picked that one and left the second part of that scripture out. It finishes off like this:“There was a time when some of you were just like that, (before Christ), but now your sins have been washed away, and you have been set apart for God. You have been made right with God because of what the Lord Jesus Christ and the Spirit of our God have done for you.”If it’s “still” an abomination, then put down the shrimp scampi, because we’re all going hell anyway, as “religious” people will have it.     www.dtrant.blogspot.com   