#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Went I attended The Ohio State University it was going through a tranistion in it's Psychology department.  The 70's were a time of new ideas and conventions.Our Professors were being told to teach that homosexuality was not abnormal or a disorder.  But that didn't change the facts.In particular male homosexuality is still quite rare 1/2 to 1 % of the population is actively gay or homosexual.As for whether its is "born" or learned the answer lies somewhere inbetween.  Men and women are often born genetically inbetween male and female.  This is a known fact and in some cases infants even have both sets of genitalia.  Some men grow up with feminine behaviors, voices, and even build.This however doesn't predetermine their gender identity, because often parental and peer influence is so strong that these men fall into the role of the male parent and spouse. However, when young, they can be ostacized by alpha males, and drawn to homosexuals who might see them as an easy turn.Others are afffected by sexual trauma inflicted by a family member or peer, and othertimes imprinting behavior is missing in a family that is not functioning prooperly because of divorce or a parent accidentlly or deliberately confusing their role.  In affect, in both situations it is a learned behavior though in the latter case is dramatically affected by biologically conflicted gender identity.It is an unpopular stand to take to say that being gay is abnormal, but the fact that it is rare and is not selected for genetically and it can not reproduce itself genetically over time says that it is an abnomally.That said I believe that tolerance and love is called for, but not encouragement we are seeing in our society today.  We don't encourage deafness, blindness, or   autism  , though we also are not intolerant of their condition.  Then too we will strive to imprive their situation if a "cure" presents itself.  Note that the deaf community is staarting to push back against curing deafness, because they see it as a threat to the normalcy of their community.