#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
 What about a brother and sister “in love?”  The typical objection when confronted with the brother-sister “marriage” challenge is that procreation between siblings increases the chance for birth defects in children.  So then, what is the objection to two brothers “marrying?” Several other reasons that sibling-sibling (and, for that matter, parent-child) marriages are unadvisable are here elided, including perhaps most important—the likelihood of coercion. Indeed, considering that married couples who are known to have a high probability of producing children with very severe congenital conditions are permitted to procreate, it strikes me as being significantly less important than the question of informed consent. The opposition cannot object to a brother-brother “marriage” absent an appeal to a moral standard. There seems to be an unstated assumption that those on the side of marriage equality reject the idea that marriage should be subject to moral constraints, but very few actually do. The argument in favour of marriage equality is that the current moral standard which excludes same-sex couples is  inappropriate , not that there should be no moral restrictions whatever. But in objecting to all sibling “marriages” they are unwittingly arguing that marriage:  1) is essentially a procreative institution, 2) benefits the state primarily as a child-protective institution, and 3) may be limited by moral considerations.  These are the very arguments they must reject in order to justify the imposition of same-sex “marriage.” It is unclear why the first two premises are important to the scenario presented above, and the last premise misrepresents the arguments underlying marriage equality.  See above. Sibling-sibling marriages are legitimately rejected on a basis other than procreation.  Children are not a prerequisite to being recognised as married, nor are same-sex parents unheard of. Additionally, there are other statutory benefits to stabler, happier, more affluent families.  See above. Arguing against one particular, extant restriction does not constitute a challenge to them all; this is as true in the case of marriage equality for same-sex couples as it was for that of marriage equality for interracial couples.   But the opposition refuses to engage in a thoughtful debate on these issues. Perhaps there are some individuals who do not wish to investigate this issue with composure and honesty, but it is unfair to characterise all by the actions of a few.