#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
How can two gay individuals celebrate marriage?  The purpose of entering into a marriage contract in the eyes of Christians is for a man and woman to give themselves to one another--freely, totally, faithfully and fruitfully (fruitful being that children may bare forth).  God wanted to make this free, total, faithful and fruitful love so evident, so real to us, that he clearly stamped it into our bodies as male and female--when we come together in the sexual union (intercourse), it is a reminder that we are called to a total self-giving, nuptial love for one another.  This is what marriage is.  Lawyers will never redefine this in the eyes of the faithful (no matter what changes to civil law they might make).  Next, marriage is a sacrament.  A sacrament is defined by newadvent.org as "an outward sign of inward grace, instituted by Christ for our sanctification."  The substance of the "sacrament of marriage" or the "sanctity of marriage" i.e. the word "marriage" itself, occurs only in the religious context.  Those "religions" out there who recognize homosexual unions and call it "marriage," are in the eyes of their Christian brothers and sisters, illegitimately and falsely interpreting the sacrament of marriage.  And it is not me or other people out there who define what the sacrament of marriage is; man does not have this authority.  It was Christ who defined marriage in holy scripture and it is from His authority that we draw our definition.  There are several scripture passages to site.  In Ephesians 5:22 for example: "Let women be subject to their husbands, as the Lord: because the husband is the head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the Church.  He is the savior of his body.  Therefore as the Church is subject to Christ, so also let the wives be to their husbands in all things.  Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved the Church..."  This passage defines marriage as a call for men and women to come together in marriage, to serve Christ, to serve each other, their family, and the community.What I am saying is that the union of same sexes cannot fulfill the sacramental definition of marriage, and hence the argument misses the mark.  It is ultimately an improper understanding of sacramental marriage.  The effort for "gay marriage" is really an effort to seek legitimacy.  Any attempt to do so is invalid in the eyes of Christians (and I am sure other faiths...Islam, Judaism etc) who properly understand the sacrament of marriage.  So it doesn't matter if the lawyer says it's legal.  No matter how much homosexuals want their relationships recognized and validated through the sacrament of marriage, it will never happen.  Yet despite this, we love our homosexual brothers and sisters very much, we simply do not condone their sexual relationships outside of marriage (the same goes for heterosexual sexual relationships outside of marriage).  This is not a form of discrimination, it is a matter of affirming a decision to live the life we are ALL called to live by Christ--one of chastity (a virtue which excludes or moderates the indulgence in the sexual appetite) and purity (not confusing lust for love).  Only in this way will we find true fulfillment in life, as we discover the beauty and purpose of our human dignity--the call to live a life of free, total, faithful and fruitful love.  This selfless love is pure and free of lust.  We do not use an individual merely for our sexual gratification, we come to see a person for who they are!  Marriage between a man and a woman is a reminder, an icon if you will, of this total self giving love.  This is why we fight to keep people out there from deconstructing the definition of this sacred institution.  If you are interested in finding out more about this "Theology of the Body" check out Pope John Paul's teachings on the theology of the body, explained by Christopher West (   http://www.tobinstitute.org   /).  It is the most profound, uplifting and eye opening material I have ever studied.  It has changed my life and how I view others.