#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
It's a shame that you have such a strong Christian background and yet have fallen for the New Age philosophy. It appears you have rejected Biblical principles in favor of the politically correct philosophy of today's world. All societies "impose" on their citizens their particular belief systems. I disagree that God being written into our founding documents is a North American tradition. Western   society   (Europe, North and South America) is what it is today because of Christianity; the practice of Christianity throughout western history has been somewhat dubious, but the principles are what established western society. The abuse of Christianity was only one cause of the French Revolution. The main causes were famine, high   taxes  , and   debt  . The French Revolution may have eliminated Christianity in its government, and look at how irrelevant France is today. Regarding true freedom -- freedom is not free and true freedom comes with responsibility. You are confusing freedom with licentiousness. Freedom doesn't mean doing what you want when you want. The American concept of freedom means that government should stay out of your way so you can determine your life. But government has established all sorts of limits on individual freedom, even those outlined in the Constitution, for the betterment of society as a whole. What insight have you gained that declares 10,000 years of human history wrong regarding   homosexual   marriage?As far as my judging others, Jesus Christ specifically said in John 7:24 -- "Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment." Since   homosexuality   goes against God's Word, I am judging homosexuality, not homosexuals. Opposing the act of homosexuality is righteous judgment. Someone well-versed in Scripture should know that. God has already judged me through the blood of Jesus Christ. One day I will have to stand before God and answer for my actions, but my   soul   has already been judged and redeemed. When I do stand before God, I'll have to answer for a lot of things, but at least I won't have to explain why I went against Him in the area of homosexuality. And while I'm not entirely responsible for souls, I am responsible for spreading the gospel message of hope. So I do have a part to play.