#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NO
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
If someone such as the expert can choose to be straight in the sense that they chose to work on it and they changed why are they wrong to consider that people are not born gay or have a choice? Why do you assume that the expert's experience is illegitimate and just something like a choice to be monogamous?I know this relates also to the GAYDAR section but this topic is getting discussed and it ties in. I once had a customer who talked incessantly for a long period of time telling me how they didn't like talking to people and how people react etc. It seemed strange to me as they seemed to love to talk. Just before leaving they commented "You are gay aren't you?" I said "no". He was floored and left in silence. I then realized what he meant was that he don't like (talking to) straight people. That is just an example of what I have experienced. There does seem to be such a thing as a GAYDAR and I never could figure why I set it off among gay men. I didn't take too much interest for much of my life and advances that can result from setting off the GAYDAR I found flattering. Since the hormones kicked in I have never been sexually attracted to men so it did seem strange.Then I became a Christian. As a Christian you can't ignore agressive gay activists continually attacking your religion and screaming that a belief that God considers homosexual behaviour a sin is just an outlet of ugly discrimination against someone who was born that way. So I read up on the topic. What I found was the characteristic features of boys who grow up gay were exhibited by me as a child. Hell I even got teased with some very unflattering synonyms. It also reminded me of a massive change that I experienced around puberty which I attributed at the time to hormones and didn't give another thought to. I now believe I was wrong. Gay men had the same hormones and they stay on the same course. It provided the discovery that coincidental aspects of my environment just before I changed are the same things which psychotherapists consider gay boys are lacking. Certain experiences suddenly seemed significant. I didn't complete puberty with same sex attractions so there was no apparent issue. The sexual cravings from puberty found me a heterosexual. Although I do admit that right at the beginning I looked at a naked female photograph and thought to myself "How will I get sexually aroused by that?" and did wonder if I might be gay. The solution to those questions occurred naturally without any need for anything. When I became old enough I experienced heterosexual attraction and never looked back. The only vestige of that aspect of my life is being picked up on gay men's GAYDAR and a pretty effective GAYDAR of my own. Interestingly alot changed about me when I changed so heterosexual men not being as attuned to the subtleties don't ever think of me like that.Yep I'm a Christian so if I was gay now I'd want to change. But from what I've experienced and from what I've read I find the born that way argument very non-compelling and the expertise of people who assist people to change extremely compelling. I am extremely confident that the experience of the expert is legitimate. You can't discipline your sexual preference. He would have spontaneously developed a heterosexual orientation after deliberately tweaking his environment just like we spontaneously developed a heterosexual orientation due to our environment albeit in my case with a lot of luck.I also note that if my 'change' had occurred a few years later gay activists would have already insisted that I should come out and that I was born that way with an immutable sexuality. Personally I feel lucky that I wasn't in a position to buy into that bunk. How could someone forced into that type of belief change?