#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
The question attempts to disguise in a kinder and gentler way a very ugly assertion - homosexual individuals are unfit to parent. That assertion has little or nothing to do with children and everything to do with unsubstantiated prejudice and brutal politics. Those who ask it believe homosexuals to be somehow sub-human or dysfunctional in their abilities and lesser in value to the heterosexual and then set out to find trivialities to support their prejudices. The problem with this thinking is its generalities which cannot fit every single specific case - homosexual OR heterosexual. It is an elementary thing to show that any single heterosexual can be every bit as dysfunctional in parenting as any single homosexual. I believe it also elementary to show that any single heterosexual couple or group to be every bit as dysfunctional in parenting as any single homosexual couple or group. Of course, the opposite of this is also likely true: there are very capable heterosexual  AND homosexual couples or groups when it comes to parenting.What matters most in a parent-child relationship isn't who the parent has sexual relations with but whether or not there is mutual love and support and healthy relations between parent and child. Is the parent an adequate guardian? Are the child's emotional needs fulfilled? If one's concern is with the child, then ask questions regarding the child's state of happiness, not whether or not the parent is sleeping with who you believe they ought to be sleeping with. One's true focus is revealed in the question itself.Those who attempt to make a very ugly value statement about homosexuals without, in their minds, being obvious about it wish there to be some truth to their generalities and "on averages". A human being is not a generality. A human being is an average. A human being is not a label, or class, or category. A human being is a specific with truths applicable to them and them alone. What is true of one is not necessarily true of another unless that truth has been substantiated in close examination. The mean-spirited will find something true of one or a few individuals and then wash thousands with that isolated truth to advance their agenda of meanness. Those genuinely interested in the truth will seek fact and apply whatever truth can be extracted from those facts to those examined and they alone. To apply those truths in general ways to those you perceive to be members of a class can only be a tentative exercise. Substantiation is required before one can justify acting on what one believes to be true.Why not ask such generalities as - are children with heterosexual parents at a disadvantage? The question as stated is unanswerable. Some children are and will be, some will not. It depends as much on the qualities of the child as it does on the qualities of the parent or parents. Are heterosexual parents at a disadvantage with same-sex children? Some believe they are, others do not. Again, it depends on the qualities of parent(s) and child. Are homosexual parents at a disadvantage with same-sex children? Same conclusion. Aggressive generalities will treat some individuals too kindly and some too savagely.Keep your prejudices all you like. Dressing your ugly prejudices to make them appear as unbiased scientific inquiry works with some, not with others. You believe homosexuals to be sub-human? I'm convinced you'll never prove it and will do yourself and others more harm than good in the process.Do you authentically want the truth or do you wish to comfort your own mean spirit?What one should ask is: Is this child happy and cared for adequately? The answers necessarily depend on specifics belonging to no one else but the child in question. As we all know, happiness is only an individual assessment. It cannot be made for you or by you for another.