#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
This a great idea and one I agree with completely. The usual objections to homosexual marriage is from a religious point of view, not one of protecting individual rights and liberties. Government recognition of marriage has nothing at all to do with religion and everything to do with social contracts. Turning every existing marriage, at least for legal purposes, into a civil union removes any religious prejudices. It becomes mere legal recognition of a voluntary union of two or more human beings. This last part I say because objections to marriages of more than two individuals are also religiously motivated and has nothing at all to do with legal protections of individual rights."Sanctity of marriage" is tribalism that must not be tolerated in a culture that purportedly values individual rights and liberties above all else. Tribalism is socialism is communism is, in any event, contrary to the nature of all life which is to seek its own way in the interest of its own survival and happiness. Civilization merely inserts the proviso that one can have all of that provided one allows the same for others. Marriage traditionalists wish to establish and maintain and members-only club.As I pointed out, they may perhaps prevent recognition of homosexual marriages among themselves, however, homosexuals genuinely desiring marriage to another or others will find a way to do so regardless of irrational barriers to official sanction. In any event, a true marriage is an emotional bond - not an administrative status - of which no one can prevent or dissolve except those involved in the relationship. This is why it is true there are authentic marriages without official sanction and officially sanctioned marriages that are an emotional fraud. Human beings must and, I believe, will progress to a more genuine kind of marriage much less focused if at all on official sanction, i.e., official marriage or even civil union, and more importantly focused on the existence or non-existence of emotional bonding.It is the only kind of marriage that genuinely matters. If it was the way everyone understood marriage, this debate would not be happening.