#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
 Im just cant be silent!! My story at   www.hope7.highpowersites.com   Reminder number 1 why homosexual marriage is criminal in every way!The Duke Official who by the way is homosexual who has been raping his adopted son and recruiting other homosexual men to also rape his 5 yo adopted son, unfortunatly is not the except of the rule for homosexual men. Dont even try to say it isnt there is way to much proof otherwise!AP) WASHINGTON - A Duke University official has been arrested and charged with offering his adopted 5-year-old son for sex.Frank Lombard, the school's associate director of the Center for Health Policy, was arrested after an Internet sting, according to the FBI's Washington field office and the city's   police   department.According to an affidavit by District of Columbia Police Det. Timothy Palchak, an unnamed informant facing charges in his own child sex case led authorities to Lombard.Authorities said that Lombard tried to persuade a person -who he did not know was a police officer -to travel to North Carolina to have sex with Lombard's child.The detective's affidavit charges Lombard identified himself online as "perv dad for fun," and says that in an online chat with the detective, Lombard said he had sexually molested his son, whom he adopted as an infant.The court papers say Lombard also invited the undercover detective to North Carolina to have sex with the young boy, and even suggested which hotel he should use."In response to the AP report, which most of the newspapers used almost verbatim, Mike Adams of Townhall made the observation that "The Associate Press (AP) did not mention the fact that the five-year old offered up for molestation was black. Bringing that fact to light might be damaging to the political coalition that exists between blacks and gays. Nor did the AP mention that the adopted child is being raised by a homosexual couple. Bringing that fact to light might harm the gay   adoption   movement." With this shocking lack of coverage of an even more shocking story, many are asking why this did not make the front pages and top   headlines   like the Duke lacrosse team scandal did. Thomas Lifson of American Thinker posited that "identity   politics   ... apparently trumps all sense of outrage."END QUTOERead article and think of all the   children   that will be harmed, if not physical abuse then emotional and psychological damage because of ssm.I know it sounds unfair but Id rather err on the side of protecting children than on the side of homosexuals to destroy marriage as we have known it and destroy the fabric of families that will adveresly affect children. This article is the best, of thousands, reason to not permit same-sex marriges. I pray to God that this disguised attempt to put our children into danger is ended once and for all when we define marriage for all time, for one man and one woman for holy matrimony. If homosexual couples want to marry they have civil   unions  , period. 