#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
"Unions give all the same   legal   rights so the only reason I can see for the homosexual movement to want to invade traditional   marriage   is to destroy it completely along with what they deem as unuseful repressive socialtal relgious boundaries, which by the way, is the bedrock of a viable, solid and functional and preserved   society   ."If they are identical in every way to marriage then the term marriage is just a name on a form... so why not allow homosexuals to use the same form as everyone else?"Just my thoughts. Also if we open the door to allow homosexual marriages which is clearly against Biblical and Christian beliefs then it would only stand to reason we would allow adultresses to have moral and legal rights to their married partners   money   ,   health   plans, property, salaries, retirment, and oh yah wills too right?"First... what is against 'Biblical and Christian beliefs' is not all that relevant as not everyone subscribes to those beliefs.  Secondly and adultress can get those rights... she just has to marry the guy (after he divorces his current wife)... unlike homosexuals."I spent years and years caring for a married man, we bought a house together and a car, went on trips etc but I have no rights as an adultress and if you allow homosexual couples to marry, clearly against the word of Gd, I was wondering how long before you drop all the Godly precepts and boundaries set in place by a wise and loving Gd whose desire is to bless traditional marriage, in lieu of your more enlightened convictions, and allow me to have all the self esteem and protections of the   church   that you afford homosexuals?Again with 'Word of God' and such... it's not relevant to a discussion of legal rights.You can get those protections if you married the guy... something that a homosexual cannot do in a state that prohibits   same-sex marriage  ."I am realistic in the fact that homosexuals have equal rights already in society; they dont want marriage they want to destroy Godly precepts and the parameters set in place for moral edification and protection of the church and Gods people,and some of you ministers are leading us astray."In places where they cannot get married they do not have equal rights... they want marriage because they want to have the same rights as heterosexuals... not to 'destroy Godly precepts'.  A church is free to marry / not marry whom ever they chose... it is in   the law   that these rights need to be enshrined."Please consider that all societies need moral guidelines and Godly parameters for a safe and healthy life and country not just just for the family unit, but   children   and society, as a whole need the church to be the church and a light of higher quality."Moral guidelines are needed... Godly parameters are not."Only an enemy of God would want to condone homosexuality and adultry"I'm sure that gay Christians out there would disagree with you on that point... and that non-Christians don't really care.