#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
"My friend. You will either suffer for sinning or for doing what's right."How do you know? Do you think you're special enough to know what your god wants? That sounds pretty arrogant to me.I'd rather suffer for choosing the right path."Pascal's Wager is a false dichotomy; it's not just, "If my christian god isn't real, then I have nothing to worry about anyway since I'm taking the safe route and believing." In reality, any one of the thousands of gods in history are also a possibility. I don't know about you, but if I believed and then only realized many, many years later that I was wrong, I would be devastated. It would've been a complete waste of time.\"God desires to rescue us from suffering as sinners, but that means we'll need to suffer ridicule as His children."It's kind-of backwards for god to make a system that is guaranteed to send billions of people to hell, then pretend he cares. If god desired to rescue people, he would rescue everyone. It wouldn't matter if they believed or not. He would also have the omniscience to see the choices people will already make. Would make the entire thing quite redundant - and if he wouldn't have the omniscience nor the power to intervene, why call him god, then?"Humans are in a battle for their souls."I'd like to see some hard evidence for the existence of souls in the first place."You can either surrender to the enemy and sit in a cell as satan's prisoner or you can suffer with Jesus Christ as a soilder and take some hits."God is ultimately responsible for satan's actions, if this is the case. Doesn't sound like a good god to me. Just sounds like a cruel, slave-driving tyrant that likes to play useless games."Secondly, you're making an assumption from a perspective of someone who's obviously never experienced a true encounter with the very real God ..."What is a, "true encounter with the very real God?" If your christian god really exists, he would make it obvious to everyone - even with free will intact."... who sets people free from lust and dysfunctions."Lust is natural; it's part of nature and yes, human nature, as well. Why would your christian god (who is perfect) make an imperfect creation? What would be the motivations for wanting all people to (ultimately) torture themselves? Why would he focus on one tiny rock in the entire universe? Doesn't make sense."God came in the form of man in the person of Jesus Christ and suffered with us against sin and won our freedom. He paid for our debt."Firstly: Jesus was only written about in gospels and has no other references to him in history (during or shortly after his time) whatsoever. Second: in the bible, the romans treated Jesus special as opposed to traditional civil executions during the time. The romans who (supposedly) crucified him did not believe he was the son of god or anything special, but they somehow gave him special treatment anyway? Again, makes no sense. Even more ridiculous is the fact that they made a separate grave for him when tradition was to throw them in a mass grave. Thirdly: the supposed testimonials to seeing Jesus after death are inconsistent even when the multiple parties witnessing it were present."That's worth suffering for if it means gaining life eternal."How do you know you'll gain eternal life? How do you know you're not just wasting your time? How do you know you're even worshiping the right god? There's too many questions that arise even from the assumption that a theistic god really does exist.It's funny to me that if for any reason other than religion you acted the way you did, you'd be considered to be crazy. I think it's about time psychiatrists start evaluating religion, as well.