#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
ÒThe results of the present study, which is the first based on a large national sample of adolescents living with same-sex couples, revealed that on nearly all of a large array of variables related to school and personal adjustment, adolescents with same-sex parents did not differ significantly from a matched group of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents.  Regardless of family type, adolescents were more likely to show favorable adjustment when they perceived more caring from adults and when parents described close relationships with them.  Thus, as has been reported in studies of children with lesbian mothers (e.g., Chan et al., 1998), it was the qualities of adolescent-parent relationships rather than the structural features of families (e.g., same vs. opposite-sex parents) that were significantly associated with adolescent adjustment (Golombok, 1999; Patterson, 2000).Ó p. 1895ÒAcross a diverse array of assessments, we found that the personal, family, and school adjustment of adolescents living with same-sex parents did not differ from that of adolescents living with opposite-sex parents.  Consistent with the findings of earlier research (e.g., Huggins, 1989), we found that adolescent self-esteem did not vary as a function of family type.  In addition, we found no differences as a function of family type in measures of personal adjustment, such as depressive symptoms and anxiety; in measures of school adjustment, such as academic achievement, trouble in school, or feelings of school connectedness; or in measures of the qualities of family relationships, such as autonomy, care from adults and peers, neighborhood integration, or parental warmth.  The clarity of results from this broad array of assessments strengthens our confidence that adolescents living with same-sex parents were functioning well in many domains, both at home and at school.Ó p. 1895Furthermore, consider the following:Mental Health Issues in Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Communities. Eds. Billy E. Jones and Marjorie J. Hill.  American Psychiatric Publishing: Washington, D.C., 2002.ÒHopefully, psychiatrists and other mental health professionals know that there is no one lesbian or one gay lifestyle or point of view on matters that are important to the parenting of children.  Therefore, any lesbian or gay parent must be given the benefit of an individualized assessment as it relates to her or his lifestyle and point of view and how these might or might not impact on the parent's ability to offer the child permanence, stability, a moral environment, guidance, and a generally healthy upbringing.  Of course, to perform such an assessment, the psychiatrist must be able to integrate accurate knowledge and a sound understanding of parenting and the needs of developing children with an equally accurate knowledge and a sound understanding of gay and lesbian parents.  Similarly, when testifying in child custody and visitation proceedings involving a gay or lesbian parent, psychiatrists must help the court understand that there is enormous diversity within the gay and lesbian community, that the testimony being given is based on an individualized assessment of the particular parent, and that the opinions rendered are supported by the information gathered during the process of the evaluation and by a well-informed body of knowledge that has been used to interpret that information.Ó p. 46