#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
MY RESPONSE: (Durnit, I wish they had block-quoting on here...) Yes, I do believe there is a "gay gene," or rather, a series of recessive genes which must all be present in some combination in order to produce an exclusively homosexual individual.  You bring up the example of someone who is left-handed.  Left-handedness is not controlled by one single gene, but there is little denial that it IS a genetically-linked trait.  Additionally, the world (despite your freshman biology lesson on dichotomous keys) is not divided up into "Right-handed People" and "Left-handed People."  You certainly must be aware that some people are ambidextrous?  And there is considerable scientific research available into how the brains of such people work -- which areas light up and which do not during a variety of activities involving certain types of thought and the use of one or both hands.  Even your example of the person affected by male-pattern baldness is not nearly so clear cut as you make it sound.  Some people with male-pattern baldness become completely bald in a very short time, while others retain most of their hair for many years.  Some thin only a little in the front.  Others start with a large bare circle at the crown.  Genetics are not nearly as simplistic as our high school studies of "dominant brown eyes" and "recessive blue eyes" taught us to believe.  Genes can work in combination with other genes in complex interactions in which the failure of one single gene to properly "turn on" can lead the the failure of the entire process.Some genes are more fragile than others, as well.  While most genes replicate perfectly, time after time, division after division, yet there are some which tend to malfunction or mis-replicate quite frequently, leading to common genetic mutation disorders such as "Fragile X."It is likely that the "gay genes" may include some which are highly sensitive to subtle changes in the intrauterine environment.  This would go a long way towards explaining why, while monozygotic twins have a greatly increased likelihood of sharing the same sexual orientation as compared with dizygotic twins, still the co-incidence is not 100%.While I do not necessarily believe that Kinsey is the be-all and end-all expert on human sexuality, I do agree with many of his thoughts, including his view of a "spectrum" of sexual orientation.  As I've pointed out here, there is nothing in my model which is inconsistent with a spectrum.  Just as left-handedness is accepted as a genetically-linked trait, but is, itself, a point on a spectrum of hand-dominance, so, in all likelihood, is sexual orientation.  Nor is there anything about characteristics being genetically-linked which would deny the possibility that they could also fall within a spectrum.MARTIN: "Can I ask you this: do you agree that sexuality develops out of a complex web of biological and environmental factors? If so, then can you really respond "YES" to the question of whether or not people are born gay?"MY RESPONSE: Yes, I do.  But there is nothing about that viewpoint which contradicts the idea that people are "born gay."  I believe that the environmental factors which assist in determining sexual orientation are intrauterine -- hormonal fluctuations, for instance.  Studies have shown that the more older biological brothers from the same mother a man has, whether or not they are raised together, the higher his likelihood of being gay.  The mechanism is thought to be an increased sensitization of the mother's immune response to the presence of a male fetus, similar to the effects of maternal (Rh-) exposure to first and subsequent pregnancies with Rh+ fetuses.  So, yes, whether being gay is 100% genetic (unlikely) or involves some environmental (probably intrauterine) influences upon the fetus' early development, I do believe that people are born gay (or straight, or somewhere along the continuum between the two, as determined by their specific genetic makeup and any environmental influences which have been exerted upon that genetic makeup) and that this sexual orientation is immutable.  