#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
Here is a quote from a summary of studies done on gay/lesbian parenting:"In summary, there is no evidence to suggest that lesbian women or gay men are unfit to be parents or that psychosocial development among children of lesbian women or gay men is compromised relative to that among offspring of heterosexual parents. Not a single study has found children of lesbian or gay parents to be disadvantaged in any significant respect relative to children of heterosexual parents. Indeed, the evidence to date suggests that home environments provided by lesbian and gay parents are as likely as those provided by heterosexual parents to support and enable children's psychosocial growth."Link:   http://www.apa.org/pi/lgbc/publications/lgpconclusion.html  Link to the study on the website of the American Psychological Association:  http://www.apa.org/pi/parent.html  From the second page, above:"Part I is a summary of research findings on lesbian mothers, gay fathers, and their children written by Charlotte J. Patterson, PhD. Part II is an annotated bibliography of the literature cited in the summary. Part III provides some additional resources relevant to lesbian and gay parenting in the forensic context: APA amicus briefs, professional association policies, and contact information for relevant organizations."I find it ludicrous that the organization in this country which has the most credible membership of both academics and practitioners of psychology is pooh-poohed and discounted by this tiny biased religious group, Focus on the Family, and it's various outgrowths (Family Research Council, Exodus International, etc.) who clearly have a strong religious bias in discrediting gays as "sinners" and "deviants" in every possible venue, and yet some people insist upon billing Focus on the Family as "experts" in the field.  It is ridiculous.Focus on the Family has but one goal -- to convince the world that gays are sinful perverts, sexual deviants, who should not have the same rights as heterosexuals.  They denigrate our families, try to have our children taken away, and would (re)criminalize our private sexual behaviors if they could.And yet they are given the same credence as the APA.  I say again: Ludicrous.