#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
I actually replied with a long post, answering point by point, but it was lost somehow.  It made me rethink the issue, so I'll provide a few answers to your questions and then reframe the issue.2)   http://www.boston.com/news/local/articles/2006/03/11/catholic_charities_stuns_state_ends_adoptions  / - Sadly, the Catholic agency had to choose between their beliefs and   law  . The State, which mandated that same-sex marriages were equal to traditional marriages, made it impossible to differentiate legally.4) As you can see, codifying   same-sex marriage   as equal in law DOES force your beliefs on others.  Either the Catholic   adoption   agency agrees with same-sex marriage, or it must close down.  If that is not coercion, I don't know what is.Now for a little reframing.  My hope is that you would attempt to see the issue from the opposite side, although I am a little discouraged that you think it is my responsibility to prove "when I have demonstrated compassion for homosexuals."  My hope is that, as an informed women who cares about the issue enough to debate someone on a site like this, you would research these issues. I encourage you to read up on many of the religious issues surrounding same-sex marriage in Europe and the US, as well as read some intellectual discussions from the pro-traditional marriage side. I certainly am not the most eloquent spokesman, but one must first disregard the notion that opponents are either bigots or not progressive in their thinking (and therefor dumb).  You certainly don't get any intellectual debate about the issue in the New York Times or on CNN.The problem with the whole issue is that gays think the marriage issue is all about gays.  It has barely anything to do with gays frankly, and every attempt to change the definition of traditional marriage in American   society   is met with the same attempt to stop it.  The issue is that marriage, as defined as the union between one man and one woman, should be kept that way for the good of society.  Utah wasn't allowed into the Union until it changed its incorrect definition of marriage to that of the United States.Do you think that marriage between one man and one woman, especially in regards to the raising of   children  , is the ideal for society?  Does it make no difference if a child has two mothers instead of a mother and a father?Ignoring the difference between the sexes is required to disregard this ideal. Thinking that a male and a female parent in a loving married relationship do not bring something different to the table than two loving gay parents is just untrue.The point is that traditional-marriage advocates are arguing FOR the ideal of opposite-sex marriage for the betterment of society, and not against any group in particular.It most certainly is not a discrimination issue for gays, even though it is constantly touted as one.  There is no difference between a caucasian man and an asian man other than cosmetic difference.  There are huge differences between men and women.  This is why we have girl scouts and boy scouts, but not white scouts and asian scouts.  We should as a society be able to differentiate in our laws regarding different things, and gays currently have the same right to marry someone of the opposite sex as everyone else.  Gays just don't choose to because of their genetic/nature/nurture/biological differences.  Allowing equal rights in visitation, inheritance, etc should obviously be law, and currently it can be law in many cases through contracts between individuals, but where not it should be made so.In order to make it a discrimination issue, therefor, we would have to change the definition of marriage from "the union of one man and one woman" to "the union between individuals who love each other."  In this case, there is no rational argument one could make against any grouping of consensual, loving humans joining together in a "marriage," including polygamy and intra-family marriage, which is why that definition is not true.I hope this helps, and I appreciate the discussion.  My main goal merely is to at least get others to think a few steps beyond the initial emotionality of the issue.  What's good for individuals on an micro scale is not necessarily good for society.  Thinking past "stage 1," though most people do not, is imperative to understanding any issue.  Thinking about the consequences wrought on children as they are taught in school that there is no ideal for marriage or relationships, about the consequences on men and women as marriage becomes any arrangement one pleases, and denying the differences between the value of men and women in child-rearing can have vast consequences that are unknowable.  Making such a momentous change in society should be thought out, and at least voted on behind a banner a little more well-thought out than "Prop H8" or "Equal Rights."