#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
SuperDelegate says "fact that it is rare and is not selected for genetically and it can not reproduce itself genetically over time says that it is an abnomally.".By this logic ants, bees and similar colony based societal insects would have long ago died out as most of the populaiton there is asexual. Consider that every single asexual worker ant you see has had an unbroken chain of reproducing ancestors for hundreds of years. Every single one is the offspring of a queen and a mate, yet lives its life without ever having sex. How is that selected for?Some studies suggest that you're more likely to be gay if you have more older brothers. (   http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13555604  / ). This would suggest that your mother carries the genes to make you a gay man. How does she benefit genetically? Consider you have four reproducing brothers, each one impregnates a seperate girl who takes nine months to come to term. Who are you going to impregnate? Better for the family if, like ants, you assist in maintaining your nieces and nephews health until breeding age rather than fruitlessly competing with your siblings.Given the fruit fly studies I would not be surprised if there is a gay gene, however I would also not be surprised if this is an issue of hormonal balance in gestation. I would also believe that in some instances gayness can be environmental. It really doesn't matter one way or another to me but I do believe that at least some, probably most, gays are born homosexual (for valid biological reasons) and should be allowed to live their life however they please. From a purely selfish viewpoint, more gay men means more choice of partner for me and less competition for them. In fact I may start a campaign of straight men for gays! (except lesbians, sorry but that doesn't help me at all does it?!) Joking aside I have phrased this argument with the gay being a man but it is equally as valid for the ladies.