#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
#1:  I doesn't take marriage to raise children.  It takes two devoted people.  Whether married or not, the child is better off being raised by two.  Marriage is an institution of the Church and the government.  Nothing more.  It has nothing to do with raising children in my opinion should stay out of it.  Over 50% of marriages end up in divorce and in some cases, it can get ugly.  How do you think that effects the children.  HMMM???#2:  Christians can't even handle their own marriages that are under "god".  See Statistics below.Ecclesiastes 4:12 (bible) A cord of three strands isn't easily broken.NONSENCE!!!  U.S. DIVORCE RATES AMONG RELIGIONS & NON-RELIGIONSJews: 30%Born-Again Christians:  27%Other Christians:  24%Atheists & Agnostics:  21%3:  Christians couldn't give a crap less about "children".  They promote absence only (unrealistic), deny birth-control (irresponsible), and claim they are "Pro-Life", (but support religious wars) and to top it off, their "god" isn't even   pro-life  .  What happens to all of those children born to people who didn't want them, couldn't afford them, are addicted to drugs, ect.?  Let's put them into foster care or an orphanage.  YEAH!!! Great idea.  And to top it all off won't even let gay or single folks adopt the unwanted children and give them a loving home.  Real nice. Let's not forget all of the whining that goes on about having to pay for welfare by the religious right.  HYPOCRITES!!!  Christians only care about their RELIGIOUS agenda.4:  Million of dollars spent on the Prop 8 campaign by the Christians.  Maybe they should have donated to people who would like to adopt a few of the children that were born into this world because of the irrational teachings of the church!5:  It was once ok to discriminate against interracial marriages according to the Church.  I wonder if that is still acceptable.6:  Gay folks who would like to devote their lives to one another is NO business of the church.  They are hurting no one but themselves. They want to have the right to build their lives with someone they love.  They want the right to put each other on their insurance.  They want to buy a house together, when one of them croaks they want the same rights that come with marriage.  I have NO problem with it.  I do hope that they get the right to marry and show those busybody Christians how marriages are supposed to work!Christians are the ones who undermine the family structure that is best for children.  Keep your bigoted noses in the Holey book and out of everyone elses buisness!!!