#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
That's your opinion.Many studies have found that same-sex parentage has no bearing on a child's self-esteem or sexuality.Furthermore, as David E. Seidelson (1966, Catholic University Law Review) pointed out (in regards to miscegenation statutes): "Suppose, however, the social hostility aroused by a racially mixed marriage is sufficiently great to threaten peace and good order.  Is there not, then, sufficient justification for state action?  By all means.  However, appropriate state action should consist of enforcement of existing laws aimed at maintaining tranquility and, if necessary, additional laws imposing sanctions upon those who would threaten or actually commit harmful or disorderly acts as a result of a racially mixed marriage.  Statutory prohibition of such marriages as a mode of preserving tranquility makes no more sense than (and, bearing in mind the “fundamental right” of marriage, even less sense than) statutory prohibition of bow ties and mustaches."In other words, it is the children who would bully other children of same-sex parents who should be punished.  Not the same-sex parents.I would direct you to studies: Psychosocial Adjustment, School Outcomes, and Romantic Relationships of Adolescents With Same-Sex Parents.  Jennifer L. Wainright, Stephen T. Russell, and Charlotte J. Patterson.  Child Development, 2004, Volume 75, Number 6, Pages 1886-1898.Patterson, C.J. (2000).  Family relationships of lesbians and gay men.  Journal of Marriage and the Family, 62, 1052 – 1069.Huggins (1989).  A comparative study of self-esteem of adolescent children of divorced lesbian mothers and divorced heterosexual mothers.  In F.W. Bozett (Ed.), Homosexuality and the family (pp. 123-35).  New York: Harrington Park Press.O'Connor, A. (1993).  Voices from the heart: The developmental impact of a mother's lesbianism on her adolescent children.  Smith College Studies in Social Work, 63, 281-299.Gershon, Tschann, and Jemerin (1999).  Stigmatization, self-esteem, and coping among the adolescent children of lesbian mothers.  Journal of Adolescent Health, 24, 437-445.Golombok et. al.: Children in lesbian and single-parent households: Psychosocial and psychiatric appraisal.  Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 24, 551-572.