#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
sorry for taking so long rick - i tried to post a response earlier, but wasn't able to do so for some reason.  so i will try and remember what i said in my last response this time around.i hear what you're saying about david and jonathan, and i have heard these arguments before, but i just am not convinced that this particular situation is talking about two gay guys.here's how i understand the story of these two guys: david and jonathan were two devoted friends who loved each other - and were even willing to die for each other.  i too have a love for my best friend (pete) who i would die for if asked to.  i love the guy.  but it's not in a homosexual way, as you allude to between david and jonathan.also, when they are weeping with each other, it's at a time when david and jonathan are going separate ways - most likely never to see each other again.  david was running for his life, cause jon's dad wanted to kill him - not to mention kill jonathan too.  no wonder they both were crying ... wouldn't you?  i know when i moved to another state from pete, we both wept.  we both embraced.  we both kissed each other goodbye and said 'i love yous'.  same was done when pete moved to africa for awhile.  there's nothing gay about those situations.  i just don't see the connection.i have read your comments else, so i know you are schooled in this subject, as am i.  i also am sure that i won't be able to convince you of my belief, just as i'm sure you won't be able to convince me of yours.  though we can agree to disagree, i can still be civil to you.  i don't think arguing is going to get anyone anywhere in this issue.  truth has been presented from both sides, giving support by their own experts.in the end only one truth will stand to be correct.you ask me to give you scripture that condemns "a committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnership", and well i can't do that because there aren't any verses.  in fact there aren't any positive verses about homosexuality anywhere in the bible - only ones calling it a sin.  i am under the belief and conviction that the verses you listed above are in fact in context and speak out against homosexuality (even "committed and faithful" relationships of such).as i asked the above poster before me, where does GOD approve of homosexuality in the Bible?  so far no one has answered that question.  i think its a valid one to be asked and should be answered.  whenever GOD speaks about marriage, parenting, or even men lusting with their eyes, it is always between a man and a woman.  wouldn't you think that if GOD 'made people gay' and allowed them to be gay that HE would have spoken about such relationships in the Bible - positively and not just negatively?thanks for the conversation.