#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Probably what you say about the cults in and the way they worshipped is true (I haven't done research about that yet) However, there are things that stand out to me in Romans 1:24-26 "24 So God abandoned them to do whatever shameful things their hearts desired. As a result, they did vile and degrading things with each other’s bodies. 25 They traded the truth about God for a lie. So they worshiped and served the things God created instead of the Creator himself, who is worthy of eternal praise! Amen. 26 That is why God abandoned them to their shameful desires. Even the women turned against the natural way to have sex and instead indulged in sex with each other."One of them is that it says, God abandoned them. Even though He loved them, His prescence wasn't dwelling with them so there was no sense of truth or conviction. Second it says that they were abandoned to do whatever shameful things their hearts desired and that because of that they did vile things regarding their bodies.  Then it goes on to say that they exchanged the truth for a lie and so they started to worship idols rather than God. Now this is where he addresses homosexuality. Notice how it says that homosexuality is not normal in verse 26 "Even the women turned against the natural way to have sex and instead indulged in sex with each other." By looking at the beginning of  verse 24 and verse 26 we can see that before  idolatry and homosexuality are addressed, both verses explain that God left them so that they would follow their own desires. I feel like this part is repeated to address separate(even though they could go together) issues.verse 27 shows the following 27 And the men, instead of having normal sexual relations with women, burned with lust for each other. Men did shameful things with other men, and as a result of this sin, they suffered within themselves the penalty they deserved. This part directly addresses lust and homosexuality. ("And the men, INSTEAD OF HAVING NORMAL SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH WOMEN, BURNED WITH LUST  for each other ") 