#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=YES
#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
Yes, there is very likely choice involved for SOME people who fall more towards the middle of Kinsey's spectrum of orientation.  But the further one falls toward either end of the spectrum, the less choice is involved.  I think this is one of the difficulties gay people face in society.  There are a significant number of people, both in straight and gay relationships, who honestly recognize that they DID have a choice -- they COULD have fallen in love with someone of either gender.  These people are bisexual, even if they do not personally identify as such.  And many of them, both gay- and straight-identifying, generalize their experience to the rest of the population and assume that, because THEY had a choice, EVERYONE ELSE must also have had the same choice, must have the same feelings they experience.  This presents a problem for the people at the far-end of the gay side of the spectrum.  People at the "straight" end are not hurt by the issue of "choice" -- they have society's official okey-dokey and often simply assume that people in same-gender relationships are just "perverse" and have decided for some inexplicable reason to do something that the straight-end folks cannot imagine doing.The people more towards the middle just assume that everyone had they same choice they did, and that therefore, they should simply accept the "consequences" of that "choice."The people at the far-end on the homosexual side, however, know that they didn't have a choice.  Nobody ever gave them a choice.  They've been this way for as long as they can remember, and yet they have all the other people pointing a finger at them and telling them they MUST have chosen to be this way.  Of COURSE they must have.I said somewhere else that it is very much like the story of the blind men and the elephant.  Each of us finds ourselves touching the elephant's trunk or leg or flank or tail, and assumes that everyone else MUST be sharing the same experience.Not true.  If we could all learn a little empathy and learn to take people at their word when they are describing their experience as very different from our own, the world could be a much more understanding place to live.