#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
"To tell the truth approx. 40% of   children   raised in same-sex families grow up to practice   homosexuality   . That comes from a conference in Rome several years ago where many psychologists spoke on this subject and infact this was a proven fact mentioned at this conference. Making   adoption   the number one recruitment tool for homosexual activists."-Hope7[Citation needed]?  One conference does not make a consensus, but I would like to see their methodology and their sample size."To tell the truth the above statement regarding how brutal most homosexal activists are is more indicative of the whole population than you have implied. One would only have to recall the protests after Prop. 8 passed in Calif. to get a real picture of how brutal this organization really is at the core.To say anything otherwise is paint a false picture of this community."-Hope7I do recall, and those protests were quite similar to other protests over the years... during the civil rights movement and such.  Most protests are passionate, that's true, but not overly disruptive.  Also, I'd again point out that there are some very violent anti-homosexual groups out there... so saying "they've got brutal groups" does not seem like much of an argument to me."To tell the truth to place children into homosexual families is to put them at significant risk for abuse. Quote: Pedophiles are invariably males: Almost all sex crimes againstchildren are committed by men."-Hope7Ok.... but then isn't that just an argument to prevent homosexual men from marring / adopting?  A lesbian couple seems like the safest   environment   for a child to grow up in, following from that logic."Significant numbers of victims are males: Up to one-third of all sexcrimes against children are committed against boys (as opposed togirls)"-Hope7Interesting.... And the rise in CO2 levels in the atmosphere has increased the acidification of the oceans, making it harder for shellfish to grow their shells.  But neither of those statements is remotely relevant to the argument at hand."Rest of article can be read here:   http://www.hope7.highpowersites.com/page/page/4563078.htm   "A good number of the sources you cite there are anecdotal in nature... the only one of real interest is the Danish study you show.  Which indicates that the number of open homosexuals increases in places where same sex marriage is permitted.  Which I would agree with, because in those situations people who are gay would be much more comfortable coming out and seeking partners.  You seem to feel that this is a bad thing... but have so far failed to demonstrate why that is.