#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Apologies, looking back now that I'm not at work and in a hurry, I was not very clear. My point was, even your friends who are not 100% promiscuous.  "All gays are slutty" is the only condition that would make your argument logically correct.  Sorry, I'm a huge nerd about logic.  Let me back it up a bit.  The question asked by this page is "Is Homosexuality a Sin?"  Your answer (according to my own humble interpretation) breaks down to:"I don't know.  I can't say no, because gays are slutty and god is not a big fan of that. Also, gays can't marry and god doesn't like premarital sex either. If you say yes, I understand, but I cannot say yes myself because I don't like to hate." That's actually a great, well-reasoned, and honest opinion.  I wish more religious folks had that view.  My point was just that the argument "A is wrong, most B are A, therefore B is wrong too" is not logically correct.  What about non-slutty gays?  They do exist, in fact 100% of the gay people in my close social circle are entirely monogamous.  That's because atheist ethics are how I roll, and many friends are like-minded or similar.  The point is, even if promiscuity is correlated to homosexuality, it's not the same thing, and god's condemnation of one does not automatically extend to the other.  As for marriage, the legal governmental form of marriage and the religious ceremony are not the same thing, and their endless confusion is a big problem in our country right now.  Gays can get married in a church.  Surely it's religious marriage, not civil marriage, that god required?  Even if you only count legal marriage, if you believe that premarital sex is a sin, again that is not the same thing as homosexuality.  The vast majority of heterosexuals also have premarital sex.  Using this logic, being an American is a sin.  Our disagreement is a matter of perspective, you're coming from a common-sense point, and I'm coming from a logical view (which is what opposing view is all about for me).  To use an analogy, suppose that giving birth were a sin.  Does that make being a woman a sin?  Most women have children, after all.  As for your comment about reconciling religion with ones lifestyle (which extends to a lot more situations than just homosexuality), amen to that!  Personally, I suspect the antagonistic nature of homosexuality vs. religion in the US is probably a contributing factor as to why homosexuality is so often correlated with promiscuity.  Of course, there are a lot of other factors correlated to promiscuity which are not, as far as I know, labeled sin.  Sorry if I sound antagonistic at all, when it comes to gay rights I just see red sometimes.  I do appreciate how non-judgmental you are :)