#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
No offense, but your reading of history is a bit mistaken.Communal societies may have existed, but that does not make them communist.  The idea evolved overtime, and only after the concepts of States, corporations, and human rights could an idea like Communism be invented by Karl Marx.Fascism is the same way.  Fascism is necessarily authoritarian, though it is used interchangeably solely for that aspect in popular culture.  Fascism also includes an economic component, one where the government exerts control over privately help businesses through partial ownership.  This is not the simple complete ownership of industry in Communism, but has the result of government direction of industry in many cases.  Again, this could not have evolved without the concepts of State, corporations, human rights, etc, which have only developed in the last few hundred years.Racism is actually not the idea that a "tribal group or nation" is superior to others.  Racism is distinctly about race.  Europeans, for example, are usually of the same race but have been thinking that their tribe was superior to other European tribes for centuries.  Only since the human ability to circumnavigate the globe and come into contact with distinct races of people has the concept of   racism   evolved to where it is today.  The idea that one tribe is superior to another BECAUSE of the race could not have evolved when individuals never ran into individuals of separate races on a regular basis.Again, you point out some of the moral progress we have made along with our material progress, but as I have shown, a lot of moral ideas have come along that are NOT progress.  This Marxian idea of "Progress," which so many individuals exhibit an almost religious faith in, is dangerous for humanity.  Thinking that every moral idea must be superior to the last, thinking that we inevitably will end up on Earth in a "better place," is a dangerous way to think.  Not every idea, not every charismatic leader, leads us to a "better place."  The consequences of these ideas in the long run cannot always be known, but a simple exercise in thinking beyond emotions and the immediate consequences can usually lead us to more sound understanding.