#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
I do enjoy the discussion's civility, which is why I will keep going at least one more.The representation in college overall is actually more like 55/45 female/male in college, and will be even stronger soon.  That representation does not translate to some hard sciences and engineering, yet, though.  Yes, indeed, science classes are passing males and females equally, but the issue is INTEREST in subjects, not ability.  Men and women can both be amazing at the sciences, Marie Curie comes immediately to mind, but again, the issue is the sex's interest.  Men are wired differently in their heads than females as has been scientifically proven.  The propensity for certain worldviews and abilities is greater in men for some things and greater for women for some things.  I am sure there are still incidences of sexism in the workplace and academics, and that is sad.  It is not the only reason for the massive disparity in the hard sciences though.You do bring up the Victorians a lot, and sadly there was child abuse.  There still is and probably always will be in our flawed world.  We have to remember, though, that ancient Egyptians and even tribes way farther back were virtually the same as we are now in ABILITY, but their knowledge was less.  Evolutionarily, we have not evolved much in abilities relatively because of the tiny scope of time we have had civilization.  Considering that, despite the anecdotes from the Victorian Age, children were the purpose of marriage because they supported the family as the family grew older and supported parents unable to do hard labor anymore on the farms, etc.  Truly today they are a luxury and a focus unseen in human history, but that does not remove the purpose of marriage as a means to produce children throughout history.  There is a reason 4000+ years of humanity has chosen man/woman marriage as the optimum situation, despite its difficulties.Of course there were specific instances you can point out that there were changes, but arguing the exception is the rule is silly.  I realize that for many this is an extremely emotional issue (because the reasoning to give same-sex marriage rights is purely compassionate), so I commend your ability to be so clear.  I appreciate that, because I can't seem to find many that can discuss it clearly.  My only hope is to at least drive home the frame I have chosen to see the issue through so you understand why half of America (or more) opposes same-sex marriage.  Its not for bigoted or hateful reasons (that's the easy way out instead of having these discussions).  Its because they want traditional marriage to be held up as the model for the family because it is the optimal situation to raise a child.  Once society chooses no longer to value specific life choices over others, we descend into chaos.Thanks.