#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
Jesus is very clear on the proper marriage relationship (Matthew 19:4-5). "For this reason, a man shall leave his father and mother and cling to his wife and the two shall become one flesh." There can be no mistaking what Jesus taught in this regard. In this passage Jesus is reiterating what Moses taught (Genesis 2:24) about marriage and family. Anything contrary to this-any sexual relationship outside of a committed marriage relationship between one man and one woman-demeans the institution of marriage and is unbiblical. There are those who like to say that the Bible does not condemn   homosexuality  . Various verses are cited (out of context) and the verses that people use to show that homosexuality is wrong are explained away. The world wants to change God’s words and meanings into something more suitable to its sinful desires. Nevertheless, the truth stands: The Bible condemns homosexuality as a sin. Let’s look at what it says.Lev. 18:22, “You shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female; it is an abomination.” Lev. 20:13, “If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed a detestable act; they shall surely be put to death. Their bloodguiltness is upon them” 1 Cor. 6:9-10, “Or do you not know that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor homosexuals, 10nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, shall inherit the kingdom of God.” Verse 11 says "and such WERE some of you.. but you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of our Lord, Jesus Christ."(Notice the past tense, WERE!  When they came to Christ, He changed them from the inside out.  It can happen I have seen it happen!  Rom. 1:26-28, “For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, 27and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. 28And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper.”Homosexuality is clearly condemned by the Bible. It goes against the created order of God. He created Adam and then made a woman. This is what God has ordained and it is what is right. Unlike other sins, homosexuality has a severe judgment administered by God Himself. This judgment is simple: They are given over to their passions. That means that their hearts are allowed to be hardened by their sins (Romans 1:18ff). As a result, they can no longer see the error of what they are doing. Without an awareness of their sinfulness, there will be no repentance and trusting in Jesus. Without Jesus, they will have no forgiveness. Without forgiveness, there is no salvation.It is mentioned 5 times in Scriptures, both Old and New Testaments.  So it is not a cultural thing!  Nor is it, as Rick B. is trying to say, just a cultural thing that Paul was dealing with.  It is an issue of morality, one in which Jesus did not erase!  The Old Testament dietary laws and sacrificial laws were completed in Christ.  However the moral laws were never abolished.  Other places do mention what the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah was.  (Jeremiah 23:14) Some may ask, "Why should we arbitrarily select only heterosexual couples for marriage? What can it hurt if two homosexuals want to marry?" The answer is surprisingly simple. The institution of marriage between and man a woman is not, in fact, arbitrary. It's purpose is clear and of utmost importance to society. Mentioned 5 times in both Old and New Testaments, called an abomination, unnatural, lustful, perverse, it is no wonder that the person who commits such and does not repent of that sin will not enter heaven! You can't have Jesus and homosexuality also.  The two do not mix, like   oil   and water. God's word is final in all matters, not history! 