#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
six11 wrote:"first off, both david and johnathan were married - they weren't gay."Many people agree with you about that but many people also disagree with you about that.   http://www.gaychristian101.com/Gay-Couples-In-The-Bible.html   1. The Jonathan and David love relationship is the most carefully described human love relationship in the Bible. 2. Four times the Holy Spirit tells us this male couple loves each other. The Bible never so extravagantly describes a heterosexual marriage relationship.3. Their mutual love causes them to make a public covenant in which they strip and exchange clothing, I Samuel 18:1-4.4. King Saul, who knew both men as well as someone could know them, believed their relationship was sexual. Saul uses a vulgar Hebrew idiomatic expression to describe their relationship, I Samuel 20:30.5. The NIV Study Bible informs us that Saul's vulgar expression in I Samuel 20:30 mentions Jonathan's mother, Queen Ahinoam but the Hebrew expression intends to characterize Jonathan, not Queen Ahinoam.6. St. John Chrysostom, around AD 350, in his commentary on I Corinthians 13, the love chapter, mentions the mutual love between Jonathan and David as evidence of genuine love.7. Chrystostom characterizes Jonathan as one who is mad after men, a man chaser.six11 wrote:"it was common for people to greet one another back then with a kiss (paul even suggests it in 1 corin 16:20)... if i kiss my son does that make us both gay? or how about if i give a simple kiss (peck on the cheek) to my best friend - as david and johnathan did"You are assuming that your description of events in the lives of David and Jonathan equals reality. The description in I Samuel 20:41 portrays genuine reality, a searing emotional scene with excessive weeping and kissing between two men who love each other, as the Holy Spirit has clearly told us.   http://www.gaychristian101.com/David-Loved-Jonathan.html   Do you as a heterosexual man, plan time alone with your heterosexual friends to hug, weep and kiss when you have to part company?six11 wrote:"where in scripture does GOD say that homosexuality is right?"The verses you use to say homosexuality is wrong - Genesis 19, Leviticus 18:22 and 20:13, Romans 1:26-27, I Corinthians 6:9 and I Timothy 1:10 - when read in context, do not even address a committed, faithful, non-cultic, same sex partnership.So I direct your question back to you:Where does the Bible, in context, say that homosexuality is wrong?   http://www.gaychristian101.com/Cult-Prostitutes.html   Please provide the verse which, IN CONTEXT, says that committed, faithful, non-cultic same sex partnerships are prohibited.