#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
is to make up definitions as you go along.  Relying on a formal authority is the foundation of logical, even rational argument.You are correct that an authoritative definition may plausibly be incorrect, but you have failed on every count to demonstrate that such is the case.  And I suppose it would be difficult to discern who is running when you are the one running with irrationality.Oh, and I have successfully challenged what you have put forth of said 'epistemology'; the fundamental problem is that any scenario applied to a human fetus can also be applied to a human being; even a lack of reason - for that condemns the mentally retarded, even the lack of a particular ability, for it condemns the handicapped, even the issue of metaphysical independence, for you cannot prove that such is absent from a fetus - nor can you prove that you possess the same without appealing to God: which would shoot yourself in the foot.Therefore your victory is an illusion, a fantasy in your mind, though unfortunately not alone.  You have offered no evidence for your claims.  Philosophical opinions to not constitute proof; but the sciences of embryology and fetology confirm that both are existing organisms with human properties - when the offspring of humans - and therefore human beings, by definition; they also prove that said beings are alive which is important since a corpse cannot be killed.I have repeatedly squared on the issuesI have clearly defined my terms - you just don't like dictionaries because they're unbiased.I've never asked for elaboration beyond the relevant.I've always been as specific as necessary - you on the other hand, have 'spewed generalities' indirectly, at least, by assuming broad, arbitrary conditions such as 'survivability'.My logic is based on true axioms, and therefore is probably tertiarily axiomatic, but that's not even a logical flaw, quite the opposite actually.I have supported my claims - with biology: high school biology, and logic, basic logic.  And none of my claims are arbitrary, though birth is fundamentally arbitrary - you do know what it means to be arbitrary, right?Existence is an axiom (one which I've been using, but you have not accurately done so)Truth and Fact are the fundamental axioms.Identity is not an axiom.  It's a label.Consciousness is not an axiom.  You do know what an axiom is, don't you?Liar.  Almost the entirity of your last post was irrational.Though you've demonstrated yourself a liar, I will nevertheless retract the accusation that you reccommend your own posts.  But that doesn't warrant the ad hominim.