#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
I have read your responses in various places. Thank you for being so thoughtful regarding this subject. If the question was precisely defined we might come to terms. They talk about the issue of   abortion   and then ask a nonsensical question, which needs to be interpreted in a context before it can be answered. My various posts, which you have responded to, have been themselves responses. The context has varied somewhat between philosophical, scientific, and legal.The theme to my thoughts is that I deny that there is a singularly important event in the life cycle of humans. We are Homo sapiens at every point and alive at every point. The parts of us that are new and unique appear at several different places in the cycle.In moral terms, I argue that it is morally wrong to purposefully destroy a fetus at any stage. However, I deny that a fetus is equal at every stage. The wrongness increases as we acquire the parts that make us unique, complex, and eventually sentient.If I was arguing for conception as THE start, I would begin with a nasty question: What is the first stage of human development called, and when does that stage begin? Many people will answer zygote and you will have them. However, the correct answer is gamete - beginning at meiosis. We have a brief haploid period in our life cycle, which occurs at the very beginning of human reproduction. Gametes are as independent from their parent as a fetus is, so there is still the question about whether they are really distinct or just a part of the parent. Random events in meiosis lead to a unique genetic make up for each gamete. Another random event (which egg and sperm join) leads to a zygote with a unique make up. Zygote is the first diploid stage. So, if the question at the top was, "When does the first diploid stage of human life begin?" the answer would be, at conception. Aside: Now I could be belligerent and mention that when a human begins to burn resources on reproductive structures that is really the beginning - the point where a human starts preparing the next generation. This illustrates the nature of a cycle, there is always something before.This discussion of beginnings simply does not help with the broader question of abortion. The ideologues on both sides of the abortion issue want an answer that leads to a legal result. They both want to create the binary situation that I argue against - the worthless/important dichotomy as you aptly describe it. In the absence of people trying to make this dichotomy you and I would never have had this discussion. The minor distinctions between being a sperm with the potential to be human and simply being a live human would be an esoteric subject.