#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
You better study your history dear child.  Hitler was all for eugenics and forcing abortions on those he didn't consider racially pure but if a German woman wanted an   abortion   whoa Nelly!  It was illegal to have an abortion for them and anyone who performed an abortion on their racially pure German women were executed for their "crime".  Let's just agree to disagree.  I believe that the woman is here and now.  Her health, her body, her life is paramount.  An embryo is an embryo.  No one forced you to have an abortion against your will but yet you feel you are so morally superior that you have the right to make decisions regarding other women.  99.9% of them are total strangers to you.  If you don't believe in abortion then don't have one.  End of argument.  I support your right to have as many pregnancies as your body can tolerate and if by chance it may kill you in the process, then I support your right to commit suicide in order to bring the fruit of your conception to delivery.  It's your business and your life just stay the hell out of other women's privacy.  We have thousands of children languishing in foster care, hundreds of thousands without homes living on the street or in homeless shelters because their parents don't have jobs (or don't make enough to pay rent), millions more without healthcare because their parents make too much money to qualify for state assistance but not enough to purchase health insurance.  Millions of children in this country go to bed every night hungry.  Why aren't you working your ass off to see that these problems are addressed FIRST before demanding that all women must be forced to live by YOUR moral code???  Many women wouldn't seek to have an abortion if they made a decent wage and had affordable health care so why don't you put your efforts into passing legislation to increase the minimum wage and make national healthcare a reality.  I bet you'd be surprised at how much that would reduce the numbers of abortions.  Oh, and since your side tends to be anti-birth control I'd suggest you also make sure that women of childbearing ability have all the access to that.  We don't need more pharmacists telling women that they can't take birth control pills because it offends their moral standards.  