#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
As I reread my own comment, I did realize that that seemed a bit off, even before I read yours, which pointed it out.  I think the clarification needs to be made with consciousness.  If someone willingly risks their life for freedom, and does in fact lose it, he or she has made the choice to sacrifice their life for freedom.  If someone chooses to oppose freedom, and strives to take it from another, it is within the rights of those whose freedom is being taken to take his of her life in defense of their own freedom.  A fetus, however, is created, in the vast majority of cases, by the actions of its   parents  .  Nature has chosen the mother to bear the biological burden of childbearing. (except in the case of seahorses, but I digress)  A fetus does not intentionally limit a woman's rights, nor does it seek to limit her freedom.  Unfortunately,   evolution   has made the fetus dependant on the mother.  What must also be taken into account is the amount of liberty being taken.  Conquest by fascists would be an incredible violation of freedom.  Freedom to work, live, move about freely, all of the Bill of Rights, national sovereignty, all would be utterly and permanently destroyed.  Bearing a child requires giving up some of the freedom to one's own body for a mere nine months.  The taking of one being's life, who has done nothing to warrant its destruction except for being formed as a side effect of it's parents' actions, for the sake of that small liberty cannot be justified.Of course, what immediately comes to mind is collateral damage.  The loss of innocent life as a result of   war   is horrifying, and should act to deter nations from unnecessary fighting.  It is however, a fact of war, and if a war must be fought, every step should be taken to minimize it.  That being said, one cannot fail to do what is necessary for fear of the negative consequences.  Chemotherapy is horrifying, but it is better than the alternative.  Collateral damage differs from   abortion   in that abortion in several ways.  The first is in the degree of the freedoms at stake, which have been mentioned above.  The second is intent.  Killing a fetus in cold blood is different from killing a civilian in a warzone on accident.  In civilian courts, it is the diffence between   murder   and manslaughter, in a military court, it is the difference between an accident and a war   crime  .  Collateral damage wil happen so long as there is war.  That is an excellent reason to try for peace, but unfortunately violent measures must sometimes be employed in the defense of both life and liberty.  Abortion, on the other hand, is necessary only to preserve the rights of a woman to her body for a very short period of time.  In cases where two people's rights collide, one must look both at the difference in severity of the rights in question, and at who has the greater claim.  I would argue that a fetus has greater right to life than a woman has to her body, and a nation has a greater right to life and all liberty than the soldiers, sailors, Marines, and airmen who sacrifice both for it, than the enemy combatant who emperils both to end it, and the innocent civilian who was simply in the ewrong place at the wrong time.