#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Pardon me for pointing this out, but late term abortions already are illegal.... they Have been restricted so I'm not sure what you're arguing here.But. If you're going to speak about morality, please clear this up for me:It's immoral for a woman to have an   abortion  , or clear her body of a parasite that she does not want, but it is perfectly moral for you to ignore the impending death of the already viable, innocent life of a child. An actual child. when you have the power to save that child.  It's perfectly moral for you let a child die and not do a single thing to prevent it.  Because you're not morally obligated to save a life if you know that you can.  Did I get that right?  Morality, then, can be turned on and off according to whatever suits the mood.  Life is precious and needs to be protected at all costs - except if it will inconvenience you.  If it's another person's body, by all means...  dictate to her what she can and can not do with her body. Doing nothing is just as immoral as doing something (if you're going to use the reasoning that a woman cannot retain government over her body parts because it saves a life).    If you're going to use the "it is the process decided by nature." defense, how do we respond to something like a heart attack.  Is it immoral to save a woman having a heart attack? After all, it's just nature taking its course.  Should we simply watch and hope for the best? Perhaps we should just watch as the newly born baby struggles for breath.  That's nature taking its course.  We have no moral obligations to save lives, only moral obligations against taking lives....  so we should do nothing as the newborn struggles to breathe instead of clearing out the cavities and giving the baby oxygen.     Or does this seem unreasonable?  I'm thinking it sounds unreasonable.  Yet if I your reasoning, this is the conclusion that is reached.  Also, there are "Good Samaritan" laws which do, in fact, make it illegal to do nothing if one does, in fact, know that inaction will result in great injury or death.   Not that any judge would stretch this to include not giving blood, or not donating a kidney... but that's precisely the point.  No one can force you to do those things.Again, what that woman decides to do is her decision... regardless of the outcome... because it is her body.  To say otherwise is to deny that she, yourself, or anyone else has the right to govern their bodies.  The fact that you do nothing and the innocent child with leukemia will die because nature took its course means you knowingly let that child die.  Your body parts could have prevented it and you simply chose the other direction.  You knowingly make that choice everyday and no one calls you a murderer.  No one looks at other people standing in line in the grocery store or pumping gas and thinks "That guy just let that kid die. What a douche!".  It's simply easier to not think about the things that we do not do (but could be doing) to saves lives.  Why?  Because it's an inconvenience.  Yet  the logic that will morally condemn a woman who has abortion means that everyone is guilty.  There is no difference in those choices.  The choice is yours to make. No one can force you to become a marrow donor because to do so would mean that you are not free to make decisions about your body.   *even if* those decisions can "save" lives that might otherwise die.  