#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Betty, you are so badly twisting the logic that I needed to go back and read what you wrote three times and I'm still not sure I'm following along.No, you are incorrect in your interpretation of what I am saying. I'm suggesting that   abortion   is taking a life, or murder if that helps frame the argument. That is illegal. Not taking action to save the life of someone, as in any life or death situation, always has moral implications, but it’s not nearly as cut and dry as you’re trying to make it out to be. Do I risk my own life by undergoing major surgery?  Am I willing to live my life with only one kidney and, should the other be damaged by any number of things, potentially die? What if I give up my kidney and then a member of my family needs one?  I never said it was perfectly moral to sit by and do nothing when I could be saving a life, but that doesn’t mean I’m compelled to have all my spare body parts out. I do donate blood every six months and that IS saving lives. We do what we can do.  But now, let me see if I understand what you are saying. If I have this right, you're saying there is no difference between failing to donate a kidney and deliberately killing someone. They are both immoral and thus equal. Do I have this correct?You also wrote; “If you're going to use the "it is the process decided by nature." defense, how do we respond to something like a heart attack. Is it immoral to save a woman having a heart attack? After all, it's just nature taking its course. Should we simply watch and hope for the best?”This one I read three times and am completely lost with where you are going with this. All I was saying is ‘sorry that this is a woman only issue but that’s the way nature planned it.’. How you got from that to letting someone die from a heart attack I have no idea. The point being, if men could also carry a fetus I wouldn’t change a thing in my argument. A fetus in the third trimester is a living human being that has gone past the point of being a mere organism to a pre-born person and I believe it should have a right to life regardless of who is carrying it.