#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
TWO"If I was arguing for conception as THE start, I would begin with a nasty question: What is the first stage of human development called, and when does that stage begin? Many people will answer zygote and you will have them.  However, the correct answer is gamete - beginning at meiosis."Well, that is kind of funny to me in a way.  I'm   pro-life   but an atheist, and pro-life atheists get annoyed when they're arbitrarily lumped together with religious fundamentalists.  Someone asked me (around the time of the election when Palin caused talk of abortion to spike) how I could be an atheist and be opposed to contraception.  I said that that was a stupid question because "I don't care what people do with their gametes".  I told him that the government could put condom dispensers on every street corner and I'd mostly be concerned about it leading to more littering.Gametes aren't humans.  They are human cells, but I'm sure you'll agree that's saying a different thing.  A fertilized egg is a human cell too, of course, but with a difference: that single cell grows until it is indisputably a human being.  No gamete ever does.  That is why a human life begins (starts to grow into an adult human) immediately after conception.In the abortion debate, pro-choicers like to say that a fetus isn't a person, but merely a _potential_ person.  (Of course, they reserve the right to define "person" to themselves!)  Two gametes are a potential human if one is a sperm and the other is an egg.  If they're both sperm or both, then you don't have any potential humans.  You've just got human parts.  A chlorine atom isn't (table) salt, and neither is a sodium atom.  You need both, and you need them to bond before you have salt.  A sperm and an egg are analogous to the chlorine and the sodium.  Until you get both, you only have pieces.  Until the two fuse, you may have a full set of pieces, but that's _all_ you have.  When I was younger I took apart a calculator once.  I still had all of the parts, but I didn't have a calculator anymore    :)