#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
The claim that this is the only "logical answer" is positively absurd. If it's logical at the stage of a fertilized egg, why not at the sperm and ovum production? But those events can't happen without their host bodies first being born, so maybe it should be the grandparents' conception of the earliest parent. But then you run into the same issue and it regresses infinitely.Conception is certainly a choice and a point in time, but to claim that it is the only logical answer is utter inanity. Just as a fertilized egg is a component of a human finally being born, so are millions of other factors, many including the internal environment, incubation and nourishment of a fetus inside of a woman. To say that a fertilized egg *is* life would to be say that an engine *is* a vehicle. It simply isn't sufficient to produce a human.As long as we're talking about logic, we may as well examine actual logical constructs. A fertilized egg at the point of conception is a *necessary* condition for human life, but not a *sufficient* condition. As any logician knows, a consequence cannot come about without *all* necessary conditions (and at least one of them or an additional one being sufficient). Under this model, life could be defined as the point at which all necessary conditions (and at least one sufficient condition) have been fulfilled. Logically, that probably puts the event at the point at which a fetus can survive outside of the mother.Obviously that's not the only possibility for when "life" begins because the question is terribly broad—after all, sperm are most certainly alive. This is also not the best criteria for drawing a line for   abortion  , but it's indisputably more logical than the original author's weak and baseless claim.There are more pertinent questions to be asked in the abortion debate beyond this one, such as "When does a fetus achieve independent brain function?". On those topics there can certainly be fruitful and interesting debate, but this question is too broad and this "expert" is tragically naïve.