#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
"No matter which side you're on someone's morality is being forced upon others who disagree."  People who are prolife just can't seem to grasp that neither the Supreme Court nor those who choose   abortion   are "forcing their morality" on people who are against abortion. If there were such things as forced abortions you would have an argument, but this is not the case. Roe vs Wade allows women to CHOOSE abortion. It also allows people to choose NOT to have an abortion. The problem is that Prolifers cannot let other people make choices they do not agree with. It's a simple concept: If you are against abortion,fine, don't have one. But don't tell me that my choice to have one "forces my morality" on you.  Although we can't all be constututional scholars, I do wish people making these arguments would actually read about Roe vs Wade and the related decisions before and since 1973, the 19th century Comstock laws, etc. Then and only then will you truly grasp the degree of oppression historically suffered by females in the US. Remember it has been less than 100 years since we achieved status as full citizens  with the right to vote.   Keep in mind that in 1963, Griswold vs. Connecticut struck down Connecticut's ban on all birth control. You say Roe vs Wade was "not upholding constitutional   law  ." That's a rather general statement where law is very, very precise. The big change that ocurred with Griswold vs. Connecticut, which is basically the precursor to Roe vs. Wade, is that a "right to privacy" was interpreted to exist in the "living"   constitution  . This is the   legal   grounds that is challenged, even today. This means that if the prolife movement wants to overturn Roe vs. Wade,in effect saying that the constitution does not guarantee a right to privacy,  they will have to overturn Griswold vs. Connecticut on same basis, thereby allowing states to ban all forms of birth control. Most prolife people don't seem to understand this legal concept, and it is my observation that many of prolife leaders who do understand it are indeed against birth control also, but not nearly as vocal about it because that is a very unpopular prospect, based on deeply ingrained misogynist traditions in all three of the world's great religions. "Fundamentalists' in all three religions are the problem,  make the most noise, and are frighteningly similar in misogynistic ideology. As a lively but ugly example,few prolifers know also about the outcry from fundamentalist Christians when epidurals for obstetric pain were introduced. They denounced epidurals since women were supposed to "suffer in childbirth" for Eve's part in Original Sin (Genesis.) Are the more radical among them really so different from the Taliban? I don't think so.The real question you need to answer is "Does the government have the right to break down my door and supervise the choices I make in my bedroom, tell women that their male dominated government has decided that if they have sex, married or not, they must be prepared to have a child?" I believe that it does not, that there IS a right to privacy inherent in our constitution. 