#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
It's interesting to me how you can not make the assertion about absolutes without contradicting yourself. "Life is worth protecting but not equally so" That's an absolute statement. And besides, says who? Because you don't believe life is worth protecting at every point that makes it so?Those laws that govern our society are based on moral absolutes that stem directly from the ten commandments. As I've already said, when you take God out of the equation you are on the "slippery slope" you speak of and are reduced to personal beliefs.That doesn't change the nature of God or the moral code He's prescribed for mankind.  Frankly I see a direct correlation between the rejecting of God and the increasing lawlessness of our society. Our laws, without the belief in God to back them up, don't motivate many people to follow them. You state that society, religion and law all change over time (that's another absolute statement) but I have not seen morals change.  That is, I haven't seen people's attitudes about how they think they should be treated change.  No one thinks they should be lied to or cheated on or stolen from.  No one thinks others have the right to murder them. It seems to me you are basically saying that everything changes and it's all a matter of perspective so it's impossible to know anything. If that is so what are you basing your own arguement on?  It's only if there are moral absolutes- slavery is wrong-all men are created equal-child abuse is wrong-the genocide of 7 million Jews is wrong- that we have something to stand on. If there are no moral absolutes how do we know when to change laws or correctly interpret them?  If you don't believe in moral absolutes by what criteria are you basing your belief that it is right to end the life of babies in the womb? If there is no God, what paradigm is there to go by? Nothing: each man does what is right in their own eyes. In which case if you're the strongest and richest you get your way and if your weaker and poorer you're out of luck.