#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
it does appear to be a catch-22 (have you read that book?... great book. "there's a dead man in my tent.").that's why i proposed that if the medical community thinks it worth the cost and effort to support the life... it's a different procedure altogether and frees the woman from the enslavement of a forced   pregnancy   (as in: laws that ban aborted pregnancies).  that's the whole point.  that's what i've been trying to get across.  come on. it was the last thing i said, k.r.  there are some people on here that think that because i will never - under any circumstances... and i don't care if it meant that ten million babies would die - support the forced use of one person's body for the needs, wants, or expectations of another.  for whatever reason.... who think that because i would never support that, obviously i just don't give two shits about life and innocent beings. obviously, that's not true.  liberty and life are not separate issues.  life without liberty (and screw all the other kinds....  it's the freedom of simple BEING that we are talking about) is essentially meaningless.   this doesn't mean the freedom to walk around punching people in the face.  it is the freedom to walk around without being told that you may or may not walk around.  it is the freedom to speak without being told what to say or when and how to say it. This. THIS is the freedom that i am speak of.  the ultimate right of choice over one's own body.  OWN body. not that of others.   it is the right for which you have said you are willing to die for to ensure that is possible for others.  that is your choice.   if you had that choice made for you - as the drafted boy-soldiers of vietnam had it made for them - it wouldn't be free, would it? in fact, if you were drafted into the army, mr. richardson, you would be enslaved to your own country.   this is an issue of freedom, yes.but this isn't JUST about "reproductive" freedom, mr. richardson.  it is the freedom of the whole woman.    if you ban   abortion  , you reduce women down to merely their wombs and what they can do and define the woman as merely that:  a reproductive organ housed in skin and bone and muscle topped off with a useless brain.   the woman's woman parts are greater than the sum of her whole is what you then say.  i say: would you feel the same way if it were you? would you say: I I, say the I with feeling!!!I am worth less than my womb.    (ARE you worth less then one part of you? Is your freedom?)I am less than my womb.I have no right to do as I please [with my body] for the sake of my womb because nature has designated my womb to be the carrier.  how does that make you feel to know that you are worth less than a single part of you?...... mr. richardson, i never said you said abortion was unnatural. i mentioned nature and   medical science   because you did say it's merely nature that designs a woman to carry the child.   you say the child has no choice.   did i choose to be a woman? did you choose to be a man?   we had no choice in our sex.   i have a choice to not bear a child, though.  that is the freedom i have over my body, though i chose not the form.  it doesn't matter intent of lack of intent or accident or design of nature when a fetus is inside the womb....  if MY freedom is at stake... I have a right to keep it. my body IS my choice.  again. see the last paragraph.  because there are choices in the choice..... abortion is one until the life of the growing fetus outweighs the demands of freedom of the mother.  but that doesn't mean you can simply allow the enslavement of one individual to another.  it means that the medical community that has provided women with a safe means to something women have been doing for thousands of years must provide an alternative.  that's all.     there needn't be a catch-22.... there doesn't have to be a dead man in your tent, so to speak.you're the only person i feel like i can actually speak with about this subject (who doesn’t just agree with me). so, you know... if you're still thinking i'm saying you're saying things you're not. well then, just tell me.  i do sometimes read things wrong.   i'm not fucking perfect.