#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
Plainsman, Perhaps I failed to word my post to correctly show the basis of my   pro-choice   stance. Therefore, I will attempt to do so now.The issue of abortion is one which goes much deeper than pro-life v. pro-choice. The issue at hand is taking away the choice to commit an act which is completely private. My ultimate concern is that banning abortion essentially strips women of their right to choose. This, in itself, is completely against everything that America, in my opinion, stands for. So, I would like to step past the argument that the issue at hand is "taking the life of an innocent human being".One of the main elements of America that makes it so great is the reality that the state respects the right to privacy and ensures American citizens freedom. Therefore, I believe that when these freedoms, the right to choose, and the rights of American citizens to live without the government infringing upon their private lives are stripped away we being to regress into one of the many societies which we speak out against every day.The issue of living under laws which one disagrees with is in my opinion an erroneous one. We as Americans, must ensure that every person maintains the right to privacy and the freedom to choose as long as those rights and freedoms do not infringe upon the rights and freedoms of others. Allowing for women, if they so choose, to get an abortion in no way infringes upon the rights of other American citizens.  The same is true for gay marriages. Furthermore, allowing women to choose whether or not to receive an abortion is in no way forcing a viewpoint onto the entire populace. However, forbidding the right to choose does exactly that.Stripping American citizens of their rights is a very dangerous game. We must remember our roots and ensure that we do not begin stripping away at the layers of freedom. America, after all, was created to ensure that people maintain freedom and that the state can in no way infringe upon those freedoms.Banning abortion like banning gay marriage is a very slippery slope and speeds up the possibility of America regressing into that which we fought and continue to fight so hard against.