#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Babies and the (disabled) elderly are most certainly dependent, and rely upon the care of an adult in order to survive.  The difference, however, is that ANY competent adult can reasonbly meet their survival needs.  In the case of a fetus prior to somewhere between 21-23 weeks, it is not capable of survival outside the uterus in which it originally implanted (at least, not at this stage of our medical/technological development).  It is, in essence, a "parasite" (by strict medical definition) upon the mother's system.  It is reliant upon continued physical embedding within the mother's system to survive.  It is incapable of survival outside the uterus, EVEN IF another adult is willing to take on its feeding and care.  That is the difference between viability outside the uterus and non-viability outside the uterus.  For purposes of determining whose rights supercede whose, I believe that the mother's rights to her own body and to governing the processes of her own body supercede any rights of the fetus until such time as the fetus would be viable outside of the uterus.That said, if a mother is planning to terminate her pregnancy for reasons other than life or health, I believe this definitely should be done prior to viability outside the uterus AND should be done absolutely as early in the pregnancy as she is aware that she is pregnant, preferably within the first couple of weeks past her missed period.I would love to see technology developed which could take a fetus or embryo as far back as fertilization, and allow that fetus to be removed from the uterus at any time and to develop in vitro to full term.  If such technology were available, I would agree that there was no further use for   abortion   other than for fetuses incapable of survival outside the uterus for reasons of physical malformation, such as anencephaly.  I would also love to see a world which so focused on the PREVENTION of unwanted pregnancies, that abortion rates fell to zero because every pregnancy was a planned and wanted pregnancy.  But we won't get to that point with "abstinence only" education.  We will need to learn to be frank with our youth about BOTH abstinence AND other forms of contraception, and to make those contraceptives easier to obtain than chewing gum.   