#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Yeah, I know that the comparison tends to offend, but the fact is, there is very little difference between the two.  You claim that the difference is that women have sex by choice and become pregnant.  But people frequently acquire parasites through a voluntary act, too: Eating.  While certainly one can go far longer without sex than without eating, still both ARE voluntary actions which may result in a foreign living thing coming to attach itself to the inside of the host’s body and drawing its sustenance from the host without providing any particular symbiotic benefit to the host.  So, from a scientific perspective, there really is very little difference between the two.  Men (and sometimes women) tend to take very lightly the physical, psychological, and sometimes economic investment a woman makes during the 40 weeks of pregnancy.  Pregnancy is a body- and life-changing event which up until about ?-century ago, was the leading cause of mortality among women.  As it is, today, something like 4 in 1000 women will die, worldwide, as a result of pregnancy.  In developed nations, the lifetime risk of a woman dying as a result of one of her pregnancies is around 1 in 2800, but in places like sub-Saharan Africa, about 1 out of every 16 women will die as a result of one of her pregnancies over the course of her childbearing years.There are many women whose lives are at risk if they become pregnant.  There are some whose long-term health is at risk from pregnancy.  Some rely upon medications to control medical conditions, which medications may not be compatible with pregnancy.  Some women will lose their jobs if they become pregnant, particularly if they have bedrest.  Some women are caring for several infants and toddlers already, who rely on them, and cannot undergo the stress of another pregnancy, let alone care for their existing children during a difficult pregnancy.  Sometimes minors become pregnant before their bodies are strong and developed enough to support a pregnancy without risking severe damage.  Some women become pregnant as a result of rape, and have no choice in the matter at all.Just because a woman chooses (or is forced) to have sex does not mean that she is ipso facto giving consent to the complete takeover of her body by another being for the next 9 months of her life.  There are some very good reasons why women make the difficult choice to terminate a pregnancy.  I have made perfectly clear that I would be overjoyed if there were no further need for abortions in this world.  But there are some very valid reasons for a woman to have one.  And such decisions are best made by a woman and her doctor, rather than being forced upon her by society.  A rape victim, for instance, who is forced to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term is being raped yet again by society.  Her control of her body was taken from her by the rapist, and is again taken from her, at an even deeper and more violating level, by society’s compelling her to risk her very life and health to carry the pregnancy to term.