#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
If the collective wishes to maintain the position that an unborn fetus is indeed an independent or separate life from the mother with necessary rights and liberties of its own, I would suggest the collective express their deeply-felt convictions by allowing the mother to exercise her right to distance herself from that independent or separate life - regardless of its stage of development - to allow it the opportunity to survive on its own as one would do for any genuinely independent "person". If the collective wishes to impose its will that this independent and separate life survive despite the mother's personal choices - i.e., her values, it falls to the collective to take responsibility for that life to remain consistent in its collective beliefs.In the belief the fetus has rights and ought to have liberties, you cannot ignore the fact the mother has rights and liberties too. To deny the rights and liberties of the mother is to, in effect, contradict your belief a fetus has the same because it falls into the collective definition of "person". In light of the "collective will" in situations where a pregnant woman wishes to end her pregnancy, the only possible fairness to mother and fetus is to allow the fetus and the mother to go their separate ways allowing each to survive as best each is able on their own. The collective - no matter how large - cannot have the right to hold the mother hostage to the survival of the fetus by compelling her to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term, particularly if the argument is said fetus is a human being technically equal to the mother. The rights of one human being do not include the right to deny the rights of another. In that case, if one insists the fetus is a "person", neither said fetus nor those who wish to stand in unity with said fetus can insist the mother remain as incubator.If a "fetus" is, in fact, a person, let that fetus fend for itself. It has no claim to the body of the mother - if you wish to maintain the mother has no claim on the fetus. If, instead, you change your position to claim a mother has legitimate claim on the fetus within her womb, that changes everything. In such case, the mother has the right to abort at a time and place of her choosing.The collective - no matter how large in number - has no legitimate claim to the body of an individual woman or to the bodies of all women. Neither individual nor collective rights extend far. They cannot because the source of individual rights are an individual life. The source of collective rights are the individual rights of its members and ONLY of its specific members. Those collective rights cannot extend to the lives of non-members of the collective, said collective in this case being those who oppose   abortion   or a "majority" that supports imposing its will onto a potential mother's body.