#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Here's a great example of the difference between a positive and a negative right.Stating this right in a positive way would be saying:I have the right to procreate.or more specificallyI have a right, as a male, to decide what happens to any individual created using my sperm.Which is a weird right, but okay. Let's go with that.Firstly, is it a codified right? I can't think of anywhere that such a right is stated or implied, unless you count your genetic offspring as property.Is it a natural right? Unlikely--people who give up their   children   for   adoption   and later want access to them, and have that refused, don't have their rights violated. Sperm or egg donors do not have their rights violated if they don't get to name\provide\have a say in their offspring's life.So let's look at the negative right statement, ie.No one should have the right to impede my procreationOR MORE SPECIFICALLYNo one should have the right to disallow my choosing to decide what happens yadda yadda yaddaThis right could be applied to the government, or to the general populace.Now, I agree that the government cannot and should not mandate abortions, forced sterilizations, etc, like many governments have done (including the US). However, that's not what's happening. The government simply makes the option available, like any other medical procedure. It provides them some funding, since it's difficult to train   doctors   in such a procedure unless you're dedicated to it, and operating an   abortion   clinic as opposed to a plastic surgery clinic is about six times as expensive, to protect it from   terrorism   by extremists.So at last we have the "No one should have the right to disallow..."This is almost an eerie return to biblical morality. Not the good kind, where there's love and feeding of the poor--the scary kind. Rapists are forced to marry their victims kind. Does a rapist have the right to impede the abortion of the woman he's raped? Does a man or a woman have the right to force his involvement on his child, if a court order prevented it?