#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
The central theme running through your response is sex; all these issues revolve around that central theme. The question seems to be one of teleology; what is it for, how should we use it and how do we deal with it's consequences.As we, as a culture, remove the boundaries of sexual conduct and blur the distinctions it begins to have serious consequences we don't immediately recognize. The logical out working of the sexual revolution may be missed by those who advocate for it, but it is not missed by the youth. They are looking to us as adults to clue them in on how the world works and we are sending them a clear message about sex. While we sit here and debate these issues and argue that it doesn't hurt anyone and kid ourselves into thinking we are liberating ourselves; we find our children living in fear and bondage to sexual harassment at school. Girls are primarily the target and their grades suffer because of it.The sexual revolution has liberated no one; it has only dragged thousands into bondage and slowly ate away at a once great nation. You need to really think hard about the ramifications of what you are arguing for. Because you may not see the cost but that doesn't mean there isn't one.If we as a nation are to avoid going the way of the Roman Empire we need to restore the boundaries of sexual conduct. Our streets are flooded with sexual perversion because we have removed all limitations to sexual expression. The last limitation that remains is "age of consent" and that is being vigorously attacked. The only safe place of expression for sex is within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. But we have told the youth otherwise; so are we surprised by the way they conduct themselves in school among classmates of the opposite sex. We don't need to be telling kids to use a condom if they want to sexually express themselves. We should be telling them that sexual expression is only appropriate within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. Are we so foolish as a people to think that this is the first time in history a people has moved in this direction? They indeed have and the results are always devastating. Why should we think they will be any different for us."Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it."-Edmund Burke (1729-1797)