#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
I think everything you've attributed to a safe, legal abortion can be said for any woman who's delivered a child.  Thousands of women die around the world because they don't have access to birth control, or medical care during pregnancy nor a place to go to have babies delivered.  Beating women into submission about abortion is cruel and uncaring.  I'd like to see the enforced pregnancy crowd do more to make sure all children are wanted, have medical care, food, shelter, and parents who can parent.  You want to stop women, millions who are completely unknown to you, from seeking solutions to their private problems.  Yet, when that child is born you turn your backs.  You tell women that it's their fault that they got pregnant. How many times I've seen remarks like "close your legs next time" or "your mistake isn't my responsibility" on message boards.  We have over 9 million children in the United States who have no medical coverage.  Where is the pro-pregnancy crowd on that issue?  Siding with George Bush that they should have any because we don't want to cut into the insurance companies profit margins or raise taxes to help pay for it.  Why is an embryo sacred and a child no more than someone else's mistake?We have approximately 1.2 million abortions performed in the U.S. every year.  Are you going to find one million couples who are willing to adopt a child, every year?  Over turning Roe would only increase problems but then you folks are all for that. Let others get the burden of trying to solve them.  As far as you're concerned you did your job. We have nearly 500,000 children living in foster care.  Half of those are available for adoption.  Many will live in the system because they have past issues, siblings, are the wrong color for some folks, or have medical problems.  Once they turn 18 they are out of the system except those with medical disabilities.  They have no family to help them.  Where are you people in regards to them?  Why are there so many of these children living in these situations?  Why aren't you making a real effort to get these kids out of foster care and into a good home?  Roe was based on privacy so tell me, how is woman having an abortion any of your business?  Unless it's your wife, daughter, or another relative I really can't see why you have any right to interfere.  Make the world a welcome place for a child.  Help pass laws that provide a living wage to working women and health care for them.  Make sure they have good food to eat every day and a safe place to live.  Provide help to parents when they are under going the stresses of parenting.  Let no child have to live in a homeless shelter.  When we can solve these major problems then let's sit down and have a chat about the morality of poking your nose into other people's privacy.Oh, and by the way, I've had two safe legal abortions in my life.  No, I don't feel guilty and no, I don't regret my decision.  My spiritual beliefs say embryos aren't fully human and until they take that first breathe they are not of this world.  So you see, I'm not buying into your guilt trip.  Your concept of God seems to make that deity pretty weak and incompetent as far as I'm concerned.  How you choose to worship your god is your business but you have no right to force me to live according to those beliefs.  A woman's abortion has no financial or physical impact on your life so leave them alone and leave them in peace.  We can't even take care of the children who are here now and you want to bring more of them into this mess.