#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
I have always been   pro-choice   and strongly believe that the decision to have an   abortion   is a strict matter between the woman and her husband or physcian. If she is single then someone she respects is fine as well.  Ultimately, its the woman, not the government, that should make the decision.  Barry Goldwater, a strong conservative, was strongly pro-choice because he thought like me, that what goes on in the bedroom, stays in the bedroom!  Today, if he tried to run as a Republican, he would be trounced in the GOP primary!  Abortion services, especially in the 3rd world, was until Bush became President, was one of many services that was sponsored by our government. Its always been interesting to me, that the very people who are so strongly against abortion, are the same ones against government-funded, pre-natal care and government-sponsored   health care   services to the poor-including   food   stamps and financial help to   kids   who have no   health insurance  ! Force the poor girl who has no way to provide for the child or was rapedto the pro-lifers, it doesn't matter-she must have that unwanted child!Over population is a major threat to our world and our standard of liv-ing!  I encourage abortion as a means of keeping the population under control-especially in 3rd and 5th world countries. Adoption, is a viable alternative and should be examined. Encouraging women who already have too large a family to support, to not have an abortion, is iimmoral and a further strain against the social welfare system in much oof the world. Keep in mind, that a lot of these poor, uneducated women, are the sole breadwinner-the husbands have deserted the family, or died of   AIDS   like in sub-Saharan Africa for example.  Why bring another child in the world to face hopeless   poverty   and misery when the woman could make an informed decision and have her pregnacy terminated.These pro-lifers in the U.S. are so disconnected to the real world-living in wealthy suburbs and   driving   SUV's-have no idea what its like ffor these poor women live day to day trying to feed and cloth their kids! Its so immoral that it makes me so sick!  They feel that it doesn't matter that these kids with bloated stomachs, living in filth, arfe better off than had their Mother had the abortion. I know thats a terrible thing to say but thats the reality for over a billion   children   iin the world who go hungry and have no future!