#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
"So can women be also (and usually are)" pretty much evicts you from the realm of reason. But just for the sake of the readership, and also because I like playing with entrapped rodents between my claws, I will respond.I am not sure what you think you will accomplish by appealing to authority--of dictionaries or anything else. That is, after all, a formal logical error. There is no such thing as cognitive authority. The human mind is independent--metaphysically independent. We are all intellectually sovereign. Any definition, any dictionary, any idea, any doctrine can be challenged and overthrown if it is shown to be incorrect or irrational. Nothing is "safe" from the power of human reason. Irrationality can run, but it can't hide.In that spirit, I went over the concept of concepts elsewhere on this forum, as well as definitions, and I backed up what I was saying with logic. You say that they are unreasonable, but you do not say which ones or why. No where have you refuted my explications. That is because you cannot. That is because there is no refutation. If it existed somewhere in the annals of philosophy, someone would have found it and come back to this forum and posted it. It doesn't exist. I know this, because I did not develop all these concepts and ideas myself; I learned them from Ayn Rand, and no one has ever invalidated her epistemology.Therefore, I declare victory. You have failed. You are wrong. You have lost. I declare this not because you are unwilling to admit it (such a declaration would be the act of someone unconcerned with truth, but with plenty of concern for faking reality to achieve psychological submission of other human beings, or "persons"), but simply because it is true and I have already proven it. You spew nothing but generalities, dodge the issues and definitions while you ask for ever further clarifications, and then pretend that such clarifications are "tangent" when you receive them. You have not presented any facts, only arbitrary assertions which you do not bother to support except with lexicographic irrelevancies, and then you proceed as if your method of thinking were axiomatically valid. By the way, I will state my axioms: Existence, identity, consciousness. What are yours?As for your last offer of either surrender or "serious" debate, as opposed to what is going on now, I think I have made it clear who has already won, and besides, I only argue on those terms that are based on reason, not on lesser systems of thought, for I do not wish to be brought down to such a level and beaten with experience.By the way, I refer to my posts, not Recommend them. Someone else is doing that, probably because they grasped what I am saying, even though you ostensibly do not. However, for all your disdain that I may have a positive opinion of my own posts (yes, I do), I seem to recall that in the beginning, one of your fellow anti-abortionists Recommended one of my posts and followed it up with a dismissive argument designed to buy my silence upon pain of not being liked, which would go back to what I was saying about some having as their first concern psychologically manipulating other people rather than establishing truth.Pwned.