#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Okay, then.  And if you see any mistakes please just skip over the spelling... my backspace key was ripped off through some freak accident (as was the space bar a few months ago).If you say   abortion   should be illegal - which I hear what you're saying about the late term thing, but I'll just throw it out there again that third term abortions Are illegal - you are saying people (women, men, anyone) do not have government over their own body parts.  Which means you should not have government over any of your body parts.  The fact that there is a potential life means nothing.  It would not matter if men could carry a fetus.  The fetus is literally living off the carrier.  If you had a grown person hooked up through an i.v. who would die if the cords were cut and only you could provide life to person you would still retain the right to say "No, thank you, but I think I'm fine without you."  This, of course, might never happen, but it is not murder to retain the use of your body as you see fit.    It is entirely within your rights.  To use your argument, sorry for the fetus, but nature designed it that the fetus couldn't live outside the womb. Not my fault.  That's just nature taking it's course."I'm not obligated to save a life, but I am obligated not to take one. There’s a huge difference."This is what you said.  This is why I responded that morality can't be turned on and off to suit whatever fits Your argument at the time.  Why did talk about nature? "I did not kill that person. I didn't do anything to help them, but nature took their life, not me."  So standing by and doing nothing is morally acceptable to you, apparently.  You're now trying to change it.  I'm not twisting anything....you're changing your words to suit yourself.But.To answer your question, you do not have that right.  If you are going to force a woman to go through a dangerous process because otherwise another person will die, it is equally moral to force anyone else to go through a dangerous process because otherwise a person will die.    Your logic says that a woman cannot retain the rights to her uterus because if she doesn't use those parts to give life, she is immoral.   By your logic, you cannot retain the rights to your body parts because if you don't use those parts to give life you are immoral.Deliberately killing someone and deliberately doing nothing and letting someone die IS the same thing.  You thought about the actions and the consequences beforehand for each of those things.  You weighed your options and made a decision.   The deciding factor in each case is you.  If all you have to do is push a button to save a life and you know it - you see it happening - you can push the button but you don't, you are deliberately killing that person.  If all you have to do is push a button and someone dies - you know this and you push it, you are deliberately killing that person.  There is no difference.  Your decision will kill a person.  "Do I risk my own life by undergoing major surgery?"  Is there no risk in pregnancy? "Am I willing to live my life with only one kidney and, should the other be damaged by any number of things, potentially die?"   Is there no potential for death in pregnancy? Can we not be damaged irreparably during pregnancy (I'm just assuming you're a woman. Forgive me if I'm wrong)?"What if I give up my kidney and then a member of my family needs one?"  No one has rights to their body, remember?  Someone else will be forced to give your family member a kidney."I never said it was perfectly moral to sit by and do nothing when I could be saving a life, but that doesn’t mean I’m compelled to have all my spare body parts out."  Well, actually you did say that you were obligated to save a life.  But that aside,  why should a woman be compelled to use her body parts to sustain the life of someone else if she doesn't want to so?So, I've answered your question but you've yet to answer *the* question:Do you have the right to govern your own body?That's the only answer you need to give in this argument and that's the only one I'm asking you to answer.  It doesn't matter if we're talking about forced birth or the forced donation of kidneys or bone marrow.  It's not a debate that those things "save" lives.  Do you have the right to govern your own body?This isn't a woman's issue for this very reason.  If abortion is illegal, not only is it women who don't have the right to govern their bodies, but it follows that all people do not have that right.  So which is it?