#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
It looks like we agree that the emotion of the mother does not change whether the act of   abortion   is right or wrong. Also, just to clarify, when I said that a mother's grief is illogical, I should have said that it is without logic, that is, based on emotion. There may be cases where the mother considers what might have come of the child, but when we're talking about a situation where the mother believes she made the appropriate decision but still feels grief, I would venture to say that most of the grief does not stem from a logical place. I might be making this more confusing, but perhaps it is clearer to simply say that someone can grieve both logically and emotionally at the same time, and the emotion may result from logical and illogical bases.Now on to the other interesting points you bring up. The first is sleep. This is indeed the sort of discussion I think we all should be having. If it is wrong to kill someone who is asleep, and our value of a person is not based on potential, why is it wrong. The first reason is that the person is conscious prior to going to sleep, and must go to sleep in order to sustain consciousness and health in the long term. Additionally, since we all must sleep, if you want to not be killed while asleep then you should not kill someone else who is asleep. A fetus has no conception of any of this, does not think, and cannot make any decisions. An additional reason I would say a live person has more value is that they have accumulated experience in their life that has value in many ways, both personally and to other people (friends, product of their work(s), etc).I would say that a person with advanced Alzheimer's Disease has less value than someone who does not have the disease, all else being equal. I do not believe that makes it ok to kill that person. It would impact a decision such as who's life I would save if I had to make a choice. I also think these terms extend to animals. Essentially, I value an entity's combination of types and amounts of cognitive abilities along with experience, potential, and the value others place on that entity. So to me, an unborn child has no value other than that the parents place on it when first conceived, up to some amount less than the value of the mother up to and even past birth.I welcome questions about what I've laid out as well as challenges.