#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
a description of Partial Birth Abortion from Ask.Com:Specific steps in the most commonly used partial-birth   abortion   procedure, Dilation and Extraction, are: 1. A medical professional induces a breech (feet first) delivery with forceps. 2. Legs, arms and torso of the fetus are delivered (i.e. expelled from the mother). 3. The back of the fetus' skull is punctured with a scissors-like instrument. 4. A suction device is inserted into the skull. 5. The device sunctions out the contents of the fetus' skull, causing the skull to collapse. 6. The lifeless fetus is delivered. Although, as you point out, late-term abortions are not common, they are cited by   pro-life   advocates because of their horrifying nature.  Similarly,   pro-choice   advocates constantly refer to the need to protect the right to an abortion in cases of rape or incest, even though those circumstances account for less than 1% of the abortions.There are not many   doctors   who will perform late-term abortions because it is clear to any reasonable person that you are killing a baby.  There is also a real dispute about what constitutes a threat to the life of the mother sufficient to justify such a terrible act.One of Dr. Tiller's patients recently wrote about the abortion she had at 22-weeks because she developed pre-eclempsia.  Readers then commented that pre-eclempsia can be dealt with by bed rest, so a question arose as to whether the woman had bad medical advice or whether her situation was very unusual.With regard to a threat to the   health   of the fetus, I have never understood that as being a justification for a late-term abortion.  Why not give the child a fighting chance at life, instead of killing him or her in the womb? Another one of Tiller's patients wrote on Andrew Sullivan's blog that she had the late-term abortion because a heart defect had been discovered in her son.  One of the comments on the post was from a pediatric cardiologist, who stated it was outrageous to abort a child due to a heart defect because those infants have excellent chances for survival.  If the mother saw that comment I am sure she will haunted by it for the rest of her life. 