#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
Pro-life should mean not only preserving the life, but also working to improve the condition the life exists in.On both ends (  abortion   and   euthanasia  ) life needs to be protected.In the middle we need to work to improve the   conditions   that everyone lives in. We need to provide at least basic   health care  . All people should have roofs over there head. There should be a minimum standard that all people should be provided. However, people need to give back as they can (not a welfare world).Torture is part of the middle ground. One thing that needs to be cleared up is at point do you cross the line between   interrogation   and torture? Is interrogation allowed? Is the line different for times of war and peace? Does Iraq or Afghanistan qualify as a war? Some Police forces have been accused of using torture, how do handle them?Abortion takes over a million lives every year (just in the USA); how many have died from torture?In the "war" do you just look at the number of American soldiers that have died, or the total number of persons that have died? Do we weigh the lives saved against the lives lost? The number of bodies found in the mass graves in Iraq has exceeded the estimates of how many people Saddam Hussein was thought to have executed.You use the term "full fledged human being". Please define this term. At what point does a person no longer rate "full fledged"? If I get into a car accident and can no longer take care of myself, would I no longer be "full fledged"?You did not mention the   death penalty  . This should only be allowed if needed to protect   society  . If a person can be kept isolated from society, then the value of their life needs to be respected. If the person can not be isolated from society, then the value of the many lives in society needs to have greater   weight   than the one person’s life.Abortion kills a known number of persons, while torture and war death tolls do not come close in quantity. 