#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
I wrote in for Ron Paul, so don't tell Me what's crappy about Obama because I don't like him.  I like him like this much better than I like McCain.  As for the current president - well. Bleh.I was just pointing out that Jesus Christ would be laughed at.  If he came down out of the clouds and sat at the right hand of Nancy Pelosi and espoused the same views... the very same "Christians" sitting in congress would laugh at him.  If he wasn't shot first.    Because Christ would tell them to feed the hungry, give their coats to those who were cold, let strangers sleep in their homes - or at least their garages (?) - and to give away whatever they didn't need.   These policies are more closely matched by Obama.  So if you're going to use your "Christian" (as if that means anything) views to vote, why would you vote for someone whose policies are better for the richest people and crappiest for everyone else? Makes absolutely  no sense.   Yet time and time again, people will vote not for policies that more closely resemble their beliefs, but for the candidate who claims the loudest and fiercest that yes, they too, are Christian.   The "Christain" values that politicians profess are meaningless because you're exactly right - we can't run the world on them. The hypocrites who run things can pick and choose which so-called sins (so called because they're only sins if you're a religious type), but that doesn't mean a jellified thing.   A "Christian" would do what they were told to do... and that is the exact opposite of what happened the past.  Well.  FOREVER history of politics and politicking.  As for the Vatican having more money than Davy Crockett (never did get that line from Forrest Gump), that wasn't a low blow.How much harder is it for the rich to get into heaven? Doesn't their very own Christ supposedly say that?  So how exactly is it a low blow to point out the hypocrisy of a religion that professes to be the conduit between God and men? They have a frikken POPE!   A Pope that wears gold rings and chains and carries a scepter and everything.   They should be like Schindler... How many people could be clothed, fed, sheltered by the worth of that ring alone? The gold? The money?   That's why it's hypocritical.  That's hardly a low blow. It's the truth.   Crappy? Maybe if you're Catholic.   But it's entirely the truth, so targeting the wealth of a religion that supposed to shun it isn't hitting below the sacremental belt at all.Anywho.  