#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Using Christianity as the answer, let's look at the Bible:Genesis 2:7: "And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul."Genesis 6:17: "And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die."Genesis 7:22: "All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died."Job 33:4:"The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life."Psalm 33:6: "By the word of the LORD were the heavens made, their starry host by the breath of his mouth."Psalm 150:6: "Let everything that has breath praise the LORD. Praise the LORD."Genesis 25:8: "Then Abraham breathed his last and died . . ."These are only a few examples of this symbolism.Against all this, the proponents of conception as the divider will trot out Jeremiah 1:5: "Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations."The biblical concept is human being becomes alive when the soul enters the body upon birth and the taking of the first breath.  This Christian belief was the basis for the English common   law   of inheritance, for example, noted by the SCOTUS in Roe v. Wade.Biblical references to death refer to "breathing his last."  Now   add   the symbolic essence of the Sacrament of Baptism. Not the pouring of   water   version symbolizing cleansing the soul of Original Sin, but the original (and still common) form by immersion.Immersion of the individual in water symbolizes a return to the womb, and when brought back up, there isa rebirth in Christ Jesus, symbolized by the taking of a new "first breath."Christian teaching in the 13th Century approved of   abortion   until "quickening" or a more formalistic (and different) number of weeks of gestation for male and female fetuses.  This can be found in papal writings as well as in St. Thomas Aquinas' Summa Theologiae.Current Catholic teaching sets conception as the start. It's clear to me that such a standard should only be imposed on those who believe in such a faith formulation in opposition to the Bible-based truth spanning the human life from first breath to last breath.Creating a   legal   standard based on beginning human life at conception would be to define the end of human life as the termination of the process of decay.  we could expect:a. funeral rites where there is a spontaneous abortion or even an unusually heavy flow after being late with their mensesb. changes in the laws of descent and distributionc. a de-emphasis on "birthday" celebrations and a new emphasis on celebrating approximate "conception day" anniversaries(with my four   children  , I know an exact date my daughter was conceived, or at least the exact time of the romantic interlude - actual conception could have been a day or even two later.  With the other three, all I can do is count back a couple of weeks or so from "missing.")d. a reformulation of the sacrament of baptism to perhaps eliminate immersion in favor of the "cleansing the soul" motif engendered by pouring watere. all sorts of issues in automobile negligence and other tort lawsuits.It's one thing to respect the process of construction - and quite another to call the structure a house from the time the plans are drawn by the architect and the building permit is issued.  Of course, people don't tend to build houses by accident, while   pregnancy   is often enough an unintended consequence.Human life in the abstract is a continuum - the egg that provided half my genetic blueprint was formed in my   mother  's mother's womb some time in 1927 or 1928, while the sperm that contained the other half was generated some time in the week or two before my conception in the early 1950's. And there was a point in those early 1950's when the eggs that would ultimately "become" my four children were formed, while the sperm that prvided the other half of their   nuclear   genetic inheritance were formed in the span from 1980 to the very early 1990's.In one regard, human life is a continuum without a real ending or beginning, and in another, the span of the life of a human being is between first and last breath.I believe in respecting life, even that of pre-born   babies   who are not yet legally human beings.  But I cannot in good conscience impose my own belief on someone else who does not believe the same way.