#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
A zygote, if left totally alone, will die. However, if left to it's own devices as an implant in the mother's uterine lining, it may develop into a human being, it may not. A tumor, if left to its own devices on a person's body may develop into   cancer   and metastasize or may simply get larger and larger. The point is, there is no guarantee for any given outcome, only possibilities, given a set of probabilities and   conditions  . Zygotes are not like plant seeds where if you put them in the ground and give them a minimum of care, they'll sprout into fully living systems. If a mother gives her self no prenatal care she greatly reduces her chances of giving birth to a healthy or even live birth. Definitions in each argument must be clear and must have logical merit based on clear points and evidence. Therein logic can help one side or the other. A zygote cannot survive outside of the mother. It requires nutrients and other conditions (which at the present level of   technology  ) that only a mother can provide. The fact that a zygote is implanted in a mother's uterus and survives off of the mother's nutritional supply, is affected by the mother's internal milieu and homeostatic status, and does not possess a brain or consciousness and mind of its own makes it part of the mother, not a life unto its own, therefore subject to the mother's wishes for her body. At present, no technology on Earth can deliver a zygote of any placental mammalian species and keep it viable so that it develops into a live being. If the mother dies, there is a very, very small window (as in minutes) where   doctors   theoretically can find and prepare a suitable surrogate who can carry that zygote to term, but, outside those narrow conditions, without the host, be it the natural mother or surrogate, a zygote dies along with every other tissue in the mother. These conditions are the same for every other tissue in the mother's body. None of these tissues are considered to be separate lives. They can theoretically, given today's developing cloning technology generate new life. While the individual cells themselves may not be able to generate a new life, the genetic material inside, including that contained in cancer, wart or mole cells, contains a complete blueprint and theoretically only has to be transferred to a viable ovum to become a zygote and become a "new life". If the mother wishes to excise any of that tissue, there is no, "separate life" argument given. Yet, embryonic tissue that exists as a zygote/blastula/embryo/fetus that exists in the very same conditions, that would die outside of the mother or surrogate is governed under a separate set of rules and laws. My only "  pro-life  " argument would be that, in the human case, since the father provides genetic influence and will be subject to providing care, under   the law  , a father should have input in any decision regarding the zygote/embryo/fetus. However, since those decisions ultimately affect the mother, her   health   and body in general (not just the developing zygote/embryo/fetus) she and her   health care   provider should have ultimate say unless she designates otherwise... but all that was off topic and I apologize.