#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
You're confusing that statement to mean that fetus is part of her body.  That's not what we mean. We mean that the woman has the right to her womb (which is part of her body).  As you said "Common sense concludes that nobody has the right to control the life or death of another person regardless of their location, age, or status (born or not)."  But if you really meant that, your own common sense would conclude that the fetus does not have the right to control the life of another person.   Since the fetus is inside the womb, the woman must live her life for that fetus.  She gives up the right to control her life because of the location of the fetus.  She must, even at risk to herself (and risk is not merely death, but also of stroke, hemmorrage, etc.), carry that unborn "child".  It IS unfortunate, but it the design of nature... "God", whatever you want to say... that the fetus is carried by the woman instead of being laid as an egg.  Wouldn't that be nice? Then the egg could be abandoned if she wanted and anyone having a problem with that could take up the responsibility of caring for it until it hatched (was born).  The problem with saying that a woman has the rights to her womb ignores the potential child. I think it perfectly ridiculous to say that a woman can have an   abortion   is the fetus is mature enough to survive outside the womb.  In fact, if it even close to being able to do so, the woman should not be allowed an abortion, but should have a c-section instead.  The whole thing is not wanting to be pregnant... for whatever reason.  So by having a different procedure done (and it really is about the same), the woman retains control over her body and the problem is solved of 100% death to the babe.  If the baby dies, it is only because it was not able to survive.  Note, I am not saying that the medical community must ignore it, rather that the woman is merely evicting something she doesn't want from her womb.  She has absolved herself of responsibility from whatever happens to that fetus.  Anyway.  The ego that says the life of one is more valuable probably depends on where you're standing.  Do you value the life of your child over the lives of 3,613 strangers?  Do you value your life above that of 3,613 strangers?  Of course you do.  We all place greater value upon those we love and care about.    Why is it unnatural to place greater value upon the rights of your womb than the rights of a stranger to use your womb as it wishes?   The woman who chooses an abortion is merely choosing the right to keep her womb empty.  The woman who chooses to remain pregnant is voluntarily giving up her rights, and her life, for the fetus.  One is not a bad choice, and one an evil choice... we say we have individual rights, but pregnancy blurs the lines because one individual is actually  inside  the other.   But the bottom line in this is that the woman utimately must be able to have control over her womb.   Being able to have an abortion legally protects not only that right, but also the health and safety of the woman to do what is already in her rights to do. 