#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
First, a minor correction. I should have stated, "...the whole organism becoming *capable of being* metaphysically independent."Metaphysical independence is a requirement for any rational concept of "personhood," yes. Siamese twins ARE metaphysically independent. If you do not know what metaphysical means, and the prefix "meta" does not clue you in, that is not my problem. I can tell you it has nothing to do with umbilical cord status.You keep using an invalid approach, intrinsicism, to make your point, claiming that value resides IN this or that part (arms, fingers, heartbeats, DNA, etc.). But value is objective; it is not intrinsic to anything. You do anything and everything but look at what a fetus IS, what IT is, in its totality, its actual nature, as an entity. I cannot force you to think in rational terms, but don't expect me to say that just because you are arguing something, maybe you have a point. You don't.In fact, your argument about medical technology only STRENGTHENS my argument and weakens your own. In a Cesarean section, the doctor has determined in THAT PARTICULAR CASE that the fetus is survivable with a certain level of medical support AT THE POINT when the operation is scheduled. In other words, it is objective: The values of the mother, needs of the offspring, and medical capabilities meet at that point.Now, except in exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, when is a fetus fully formed, capable of functioning autonomously and being metaphysically independent? At birth. Nature makes it so. The burden of proof would be on you in any particular case to prove otherwise. Can you predict when it will be "5 seconds before birth" for a given fetus? No? The rational, objective standard is birth.In a premature birth where the baby is kept alive with medical support, it is only alive because it is receiving medical support, which by definition a pregnant woman seeking an abortion does not want to provide to the fetus. What medical technology can do for a fetus, however, is irrelevant. What is relevant is WHAT A FETUS IS. It is absurd and atrocious to suggest that a woman should have to carry a pregnancy because if she did remove the fetus from her body and did provide medical rescue which she by definition is unwilling to provide, it will be a baby at that point. Potential beings have no rights over actual beings, not in any valid ethical or political system.And to repeat, an abortion is not a birth. In an abortion, a fetus is terminated and removed, or partially removed and terminated. Order does not matter; it is a fetus. There is no intrinsic value to "out of the birth canal." It happens during abortions, and it happens during births. So?I do not see how any of the other points in your post, e.g., miscarriages, relate to anything or argue for anything. But since you insist on going all the way through all possible exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, let's go the other way and discuss how a fertilized egg is a human being entitled to individual rights, if you are as interested in getting to the truth as you claim. Still waiting for that evidence that a fertilized egg has a soul.