#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
okay.  either you didn't read it, or you don't understand it.  that's okay.   there's nothing wrong with you if you didn't.  "you can do what you want with your body, it's when you affect someone else'se body that there's a problem; and a fetus is another body"so you've just said that there's a problem with a fetus affects another person's body.   that's the whole point.   there's a problem when a woman is forced to be affected by another person in a way she does not want.     so the fetus can do what it wants with its body, but if the woman is ill-affected and does not want to be affected at all she has the right to terminate the "relationship".and, you great reader, you, i've never said a fetus is part of a woman's body.  duhr.  it's IN her body and is essentially sucking her life and using HER as a means of living.  it does not matter if the fetus will live or die, but you cannot -- through use of   law   -- force a woman to be enslaved to the wants/needs of a another person.   if you force a person to do so, it is slavery.   i don't expect people to sift through hours worth of reading to find a solution, but there is a very simple one:if the fetus is determined to be viable: meaning the life could be sustained without the use of the womb, instead of an "  abortion  " the fetus is simply removed via c-section.   the only cost to the woman should be that comparable of an abortion until the 7th month of   pregnancy  .  at which point - the woman is being a complete douche-bag and should have to pay for the full cost of  HER treatment... but NEVER for the cost of the fetus (which is now a full-fledged baby), since she does not want the baby.    that will be covered by the state.   much like what happens when women have   children   now who don't want them, and couldn't afford them anyway... but were just "moral" enough to punish both our tax system and the child by giving birth and keeping it.