#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
You analysis is exactly backwards.  Overturning MCP will only make a difference if money is given to people who will advise women to use   abortion   as a means of family planning and campaign for changes in foreign law which would make abortion easier to get.  This is a de facto subsidy for abortion which is a way for the government to undermine the pro-life position of much of the population.  The MCP precluded this.  In other words, money was still given to family planning efforts (as a form of humanitarian aid) provided that it not support abortion, but it was not used to support a pro-choice agenda.  You are falsely equating not supporting a pro-choice agenda with advocating for the pro-life position.If the MCP had been designed so that it promoted campaigns to criminalize abortion and to advise women that they must not have abortions (or that abortion was immoral) then your point of view would make sense- but most of the groups that received funds under MCP were groups which merely stopped those activities which had been disallowed by the policy.  In other words, the MCP did not say that funding was only supporting a pro-life agenda and pro-life groups.  It funded groups that ceased advocacy of the pro-choice agenda.  The idea that they then began advocating a pro-life agenda is just silly.At any rate, your suggestion that only pro-life agencies received funds is just false on the face of it.  My use of the slavery analogy is not 'bad'.  It is accurate.  You can say that you disagree with people who say that the positions are analogous, which I am sure is true.  The pro-choice makes almost the same comparison in reverse- by claiming that women are 'enslaved' when abortion is denied them.  My statement was that, "For the pro-life side, legal abortion is an approximate moral equivalent of legal slavery."  Whether abortion is morally equivalent to slavery in some abstract universal sense is open to debate.  Whether or not those who are pro-life judge it equivalent isn't.