#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Our definitions are essentially the same, you just misapply the definition."The range of capabilities that someone or something has; powers or resources not yet developed or made use of."  While, like most dictionary definitions, this is vague and not completely accurate in a philosophical sense, it is still mostly correct.  My definition is essentially the same as well, but taken from Aristotle's definition of potentiality, "Referring to potentiality, this is what a thing is capable of doing, or being acted upon, if it is not prevented by something else."Common definitions are a slippery idea. For example, presently the word "liberal" (in a political context) is defined as one who seeks greater government regulation and an expansion of welfare programs.  However, the original definition of "liberal" defined a person who believed in severely limited government and free-market capitalism.  In fact, many founders of the Libertarian movement considered themselves "liberals."Even using your "exact" definition (assuming that we have an exact definition and not just a colloquial summary, you are still confusing potentiality with possibility.In effect, you are interpreting the definition as if you could say, "a person has the potential to be hit by a car."  This makes no logical sense.  That person however exists with that possibility.Indeed, you could argue that the wood has the potential to be a table.  Yes, this is correct when certain linguistic obscurities are overlooked.  The can the wood actually do? Nothing.  That is, until it is made into something.  So what we should say is the wood has the potential to be made into a table, not to be a table.Now, considering your absurd example, If your appendix cell where on the street completely alone, it would not have human rights. It is no longer part of your entity.  This is the same idea as, if your hair falls out in my house or car, I can dispose of it.  It is no longer "your" hair.  As long as a thing is connected to you and is of your person-hood it is completely yours and I cannot touch itA fetus is connected to the mother, but it is not of her person-hood and should at least qualify for certain basic rights. Your example of in vitro makes no logical sense.   I never said that a scientifically engineered human wouldn't be human.  I said, the cells that they make them out of are not potential humans, when the cells are considered individually.  Once they have been engineered into a fetus, then they are definitely potential humans. You are quoting me out of context.  My argument was that a single sperm is not "a potential human until it unites with an egg."  No, a single sperm will not become a human of its own accord.  It would have to be made into a human.  In essence, it is a potential potentiality, but anything can be broken down into degrees or potential potentiality.  So that is a concept we should stay away from. Anyhow, I would appreciate it if you would not take my statements out of context and apply meanings to them that I never stated. Don't be mistaken, I never once said or implied that I would make   abortion   illegal, nor do I speculate as to the application of these certain basic rights of a fetus or whose, mother's or fetus', rights take precedence in what cases. All I said was you misapplied the concept of potentiality.