#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
Imagine reading a headline that says After 8 years of Injustice, Slavery has been Restored" or After 12 years of Injustice, Hitler has Come Back Into Power".  Insanem, wouldn't those two   headlines   be, well the same applies to the   abortion   issue.  All three have the same thing in common, people thought the lives of the innoncent were not worth saving.  Parents went around saying I would never own a slave, but they can own all they want, or I would never kill those people but they country can kill all they want.  We just have to see how hard medical   science   is fighting to come up with birth control for men, the day after pill, and so many other birth control methods to realize that they know a fetus which means "Little One" is a baby.  We also know that many, many people suffer after having an abortion, men and women.  What makes all the folks who look the other way any better than the folse who looked the other way with child abuse, be it a bishop, teacher, political party, family member or friend.  Why can Planned Parenthood not report a rape, or when a fivteen year old teenager has had sex with a man over the age of twenty-one.  Do all these people who support abortion really believe they are doing the right thing?  Hasn't history proved that many of these people suffer the rest of their lives?  Do any really believe that these people don't do drugs to forget, want to kill themselves.  Who will these people sue twenty years from now?  Planned Parenthood, Political Parties, or will they want to go after the Church again and claim that we did not fight hard enough to prevent it?  Anyone who is for abortion should look at the films of a baby being aborted, before saying they are for abortion.  Anyone who has had an abortion should seek out help, there are many web sites who can help.    www.priestsforlife.org  , sistersforlife.com,   www.touchedbyabortion.com   If after you have seen some of the films of the babies being aborted, or read some of the stories from those who have had abortions you still the same way, then at least you have researched both sides of the issue aand can make a informed judgment.  Why should they start a baby and then abort it for stem cell research when they are having better results with adult cell research from our own bodies.  Don't be like the slave sellers, slave owners or slave ship captains.  Don't be like the people in Hitler's Germany who looked the other way because they did not have all the facts or went along with the crowd even thought they though it was wrong.  Look at the video wherein a child is in the womb and his father leaves him and his mother give birth to him anyway even thought he will be in a poor family.  If you watch the video you will be amazed to realize that President Obama is that fetus that could have been aborted.     