#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
There are certain exceptional cases which have been cited as circumstantially appropriate for a partial birth abortion. 
Mother and/or family are impoverished and would not be able to support the new family entrant. One of the most common reasons why a poor woman seeks an abortion is that "she can not take care of herself and the children she has. Most of the pregnant women helped by the Women's Medical Fund have children—many with two or three, some with as many as 10. Another birth will draw the family deeper into poverty." 
This argument may equally apply to partial birth abortion. Even if it becomes increasingly "wrong" to kill a more and more developed fetus, a partial birth abortion may nevertheless be justified on the basis that the benefits (or foregone pain) to the larger family unit outweighs the costs (or pain and lost life opportunity) to the single fetus. 
A poor woman may also be more susceptible to late abortions for a variety of reasons. Poverty may decrease the availability of certain resources that make it possible for a woman to "choose" to prevent impregnation, discover that she is pregnant, and or seek a first term abortion. This might make it unreasonable to deny poor women the ability to seek third-term partial birth abortions. The following is a list of the conditions that may make a poor woman unable to "choose" anything but a late, partial birth abortion. She may lack:
Access to condoms and other birth control resources:
Access to pregnancy testing kits.
Access to information which would make it clear that she is eligible to seek an abortion, and where and how to do so.


Homeless women:
Women may seek to abort having the child of a batterer. A common reason for seeking abortions is that a woman is battered by her husband or boyfriend, and does not want to bear the child of the batterer. A scenario can arise that may go specifically toward justifying a partial birth abortion, in which a woman begins to be battered only late into her pregnancy, when a partial birth abortion is one of the only options. In this case, while she may have been perfectly reasonable in seeking to become pregnant, the reasons for having a baby (ie starting a family) would have changed as the abuse began and as the appropriateness of starting a family fades away. As such, such a victim may be justified in pursuing a late, partial birth abortion.
Responding to rape, a woman seeks and abortion. Impregnation from rape is one of the most commonly cited justifications for abortion, as the impregnation was completely involuntary on the part of the mother. Justifying partial birth abortions in these instances is largely an issue of timing. The main question is whether it is reasonable to expect that all woman act immediately upon their rape and impregnation by pursuing an abortion in the first term? It may be unreasonable, and a late, partial birth abortion may be appropriate, for the following reasons:
Female rape victims may be physically prevented by the rapist from seeking an abortion in the first term. Some rape victims are sex slaves or kidnapped against their will. If only became possible for them to perform an abortion in the second or third term with a partial birth abortion, should they be deprived the right to do so? Having had no "choice" in the matter up to this point, it may be appropriate to extend the "choice" to abort with a partial birth abortion in such circumstances. 
Impregnated rape victims may be deterred from seeking an abortion at an early stage out of fear of reprisal from the rapist.

Serious illnesses 
Women carrying defective fetuses
