#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
You are absolutely correct that making abortion illegal is not the only option. In fact, I would argue that it must not be. If we were simply to overturn Roe v. Wade and immediately pass a no exceptions federal ban on abortions now, the results would predictably look much like the days of Prohibition with disastrous results for countless women and babies.  However, though I freely admit this point, to use this as a means of justifying continued unrestricted legal abortion is a cop out.  As Catholics, our end goal should be no more abortions.  Since we agree that simply passing legislation is not enough, then we have our work cut out for us.  First, it is important for each of us to understand that this fight is not about women's rights as the pro choice advocates claim.  Rather it is about whether or not a human life, even an unborn one, is deserving of protection as a person under the law.  To deny one group or another personhood, as Roe v. Wade does the unborn child, means they can be disposed of with impunity for any reason and by any means whatsoever.  Allowing this to continue sets a dangerous precedent by which many people may be deemed nonpersons and disposed of.  It is a person's humanity, not his utility, that should guarantee rights and protection under the law.  These are the very principles our nation was founded on.  It can be found clearly stated in the opening paragraph of the Declaration of Independence.  This said, one must also be concerned for these mothers who find themselves in desperate situations which might drive them to choose abortion. Obviously, as a nation we have failed these women.  We have not provided them adequate support.  That must change.  If we are to turn the tide against abortion, these women need compassionate support, adequate health care, and options that enable them to continue their lives in dignity without putting their child to death. Many Democrats and Republicans, pro choice and pro life activists alike, have been working to engage in these kinds of services.  However, this alone is also not enough.  So long as we deny the unborn child personhood, the unmitigated slaughter will continue, and we as a nation are guilty of grave sin. These little lives deserve the same protection as the rest of us, and it is here in the fight against abortion that we have the opportunity to guarantee the protection of law to all human beings, be they big or small, healthy or disabled, young or old.  Anything less leaves us at the whim of judges, politicians, or the popular vote to decide who lives and who should die, a breeding ground for the likes of Hitler's Germany where large groups of people were targeted because of race, religion, genetic abnormality, and even such simple things as a less desirable hair and eye color. This cannot be allowed. We protect the lives of our pets, even stray animals, but offer nothing for our own children. Though other options can and even must be pursued, abortion must be made illegal, just as it is illegal to murder, to steal from others, or to beat and torture another because you disagree with his ideas. Directly causing his death is most certainly more a violation of the child's rights than carrying the baby to term could ever be for his mother. 