#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
The real issue isn't when life begins, or what constitutes life. The question isn't when an   abortion   should be legal.  The real question behind abortion is the woman's right to her body. That is what I am arguing.You have failed to address the issue I have just raised.   It doesn't matter if there is a life living inside that woman, that is the woman's body.  Either she has the right to govern her own body or she does not.If the fetus can sustain its own life outside of the uterus - or science can advance itself to the point where this is possible there would be no debate.  As it stands, when you support the government's right to tell a woman what to do with her body because it "saves a life" you should be just as much in favor of the government forcing you give away one of your kidneys, or to undergo the painful process of bone marrow transplant even if you object. That there is a life involved in an abortion doesn't resolve the fact that this is a person's body that you are allowing government discretion over.  There is no compromise.  Either you have control over your body parts and what is done with them or you do not.  If a woman no longer wishes to host a life that is parasitic in nature and that life can survive outside the womb the medical community can help it survive.But then what?In this right to life that is supported, what kind of life are you supporting? If you are going to vote in favor of forcing women to do your bidding with her body, are you going to vote in support of using tax-payer money to support all the lives you are "saving"?  Are you then going to vote that couples must adopt before trying to conceive through non-conventional methods (I.V.F.)?  Or should the woman then be forced to care for the child herself?  Should she be compensated for the pain and suffering that was forced upon her in the form of not only childbirth, but the physical ailments that accompany pregnancy?   Ultimately, you have to decide which is more important - your right to your body or the right for someone else to live.If you say the individual's right to his or her body is greater than the right of someone else to live, you cannot vote in favor of repealing Row/Wade.  If you say the individual has no right to his or her body when another's life is at stake, you should already have given away a kidney and donated your bone marrow for as many times as you're matched.  If you can prevent a person from dying and yet you do nothing, are you then murdering that person?.  How many people have you killed from your refusal to share your body? How many lives have I let die from my decisions to keep my kidney and my bone marrow? That some women choose to keep their uterus' (uteri?) intact through abortion isn't a separate issue. You're arguing in favor of forced sharing of body in order to save lives, so I had to ask. So which is it? Do you support the right to govern your own body?  Are you willing to be told what to do with any part of your body that can save a life?  That's the real issue. 