#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
It's true that one's feelings do not determine truth. There are many who commit murder without a qualm.  You make the statement, "When a woman chooses whether to have an   abortion   they may feel horrible about it but know that it is the best decision." How do you prove that assertion? On the premise that abortion isn't murder? What if your premise is wrong?You also state her grief is illogical because there was no conscious being there.  Is it ok to murder people as long as they're not conscious- such as when they're asleep? Anyway how do you scientifically prove or define the consciousness of another.  Maybe we should kill people with Alzehimers.A woman grieves the loss of her baby because she knows exactly what it was: her very own offspring.  It's perfectly logical to mourn the loss of one's own child.  Everyone has to base their beliefs on some sort of paradigm.  As a Christian I am basing my paradigm on something outside myself. I'm basing it on what God has revealed to mankind through the Bible.  If you don't base your beliefs on God's word what are you basing it on? Your own limited understanding? You aren't omniscient so the most you should do is at least err on the side of life: "I'm not sure it's murder so to be on the safe side I'll choose life." If you can devalue life at one level you can devalue it at any level. As John Donne said, if even a simpleton is killed I am the lesser. We are all a part of mankind and no one has the right to take another's life- not even at it's simplest and most helpless state. Finally, your statement that those that regret abortion are free to feel that way but that should not cause us to restrict the choice of others.  No, our feelings should not restrict others' choices and behaviors but right and wrong should.  People knew it was wrong to keep slavery legal so they abolished it.  People knew it was wrong to force young children to work as adults so laws were implemented to prevent it. It's wrong to discriminate against people based on the color of their skin or gender. Because there is such a thing as right or wrong we enforce laws that maintain right and wrong and we change laws that don't (such as slavery or segregation).  Just because abortion is legal doesn't make it right.  One day I believe people will look back in horror at the 40+million unborn children that have been murdered in our country.  