#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Gametes may not even be alive.  I don't know if scientists use a significantly different approach, but in philosophy we occasionally discuss what is alive and what is inanimate, and I'm not sure that gametes qualify.  We talk about "live sperm" sometimes but electricians talk about wires being "live" too.  Sperm are motile for a period of time, but so is a lizard's tail.  It might be "live" in some sense of being active, but it isn't alive.A sperm cannot make another sperm.  (Can eggs ever make other eggs?  I don't know.  I know that they don't usually, but I don't know if some weird mutant eggs do occasionally.)  If a thing isn't the type of thing that can make another of its type, then it is not supposed to be considered a form of life.A sperm cell might be considered to have a form of metabolism- I'm not sure.  I know that sperm are affected by outside chemicals which can cause them to speed up.  I don't know how that works or what the process is called.  An egg doesn't have a metabolism (as far as I know).  Having a metabolism is a necessary condition for life. The cases that we found especially interesting when we discussed this topic were seeds and viruses.  Seeds' dormancy made it hard to decide if they stopped being alive for a time or not.  Frozen cells which can be revived have the same problem.  This can affect the debate over the ethics of embryonic stem cell research.  If their being frozen means that they are not alive (even if they can potentially be brought back to life), then can they be killed?Viruses are interesting too, because they don't grow, they lack a metabolism, and they can't reproduce themselves.  New viruses can only be made if they inject their DNA (or I guess RNA) into a living non-virus.  (Later I learned that prions raise the same issues.  I'd actually never heard of them until I was reading about BSE.)  Plasmids are something I learned about because of this discussion.  It seems to me that whatever category you put viruses, plasmids, and prions into is probably the category you should use for gametes.