#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
So human parentage is your latest criteria? This is starting to bore me. So you are saying that if there were cognitively advanced alien life forms and we ever encountered them, they would not have rights since they are not human and certainly not of human parentage? And if they do have rights, what is the basis for those rights, since the aliens are not "persons?" Or are they? Why? What does your Webster's have to say about that?What about anencephalic fetuses of human parentage?You keep changing your criterion for personhood. First it was body parts/general morphology, then random physiological characteristics, then DNA, then parentage. Each time, I invalidated your criterion, so like a Darwinian species, you evolved and latched onto another one. You have now reached the point where you in effect argue for multiple criteria for personhood to keep your argument going, but you cannot specify which ones are essential, and why they are essential.If you continue to follow your line of argument with the alien example and on to its logical conclusion, you will either reach the same self-contradictory end that you keep reaching, or, if you made a serious intellectual effort to resolve the contradictions as you keep increasing the number of characteristics that go into a human, you would reach my point: Concepts, e.g., "persons," are ultimately referenced demonstrably--that is a person, there is another person--and they include all their characteristics. The only way to know what is a human being is by looking at reality, not inward into your consciousness.Reality exists independent of the human mind, reality does not reside IN definitions, and the function of the mind is to look at reality and integrate its observations into concepts. If you do so, you will literally see that a fetus is not the same thing as a person. A definition's function is to distinguish a class of existents from each other, not to dictate or replace reality (or one's grasp of it).