#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Using 'humanity' rather than 'personhood' clouds the issue, because many people will not realize that being a living human being is not the same as being a person.  When a new human life exists- ie, when there is a new organism which is alive and which is a member of our species- is incontrovertibly established by science as being at conception.  Because 'personhood'  is a subjective distinction, it could be binary or shades of grey or whatever is in the eye of the beholder.  It is a philosophical category, and not empirically verifiable.  Unfortunately, many in the public at large may hear 'humanity' and think the subject is science rather than ideology.The idea that there is no such thing as new life is an oft repeated   pro-choice   trope.  Obviously there has been life on earth since before humanity existed, and there has been a continuity of human life since the species first evolved.  That is missing the point.  Life 'in toto' isn't what is meant when the question "When does life begin", is asked.  New and unique lives are what is being referred to.  Otherwise, we would ask, "When did life begin", or "When was there first life on earth?"  A new and unique, and complete human organism exists at conception.  That is when the life cycle begins.  That organism undergoes development and change continuously from that point until death- but the organism is complete at conception.  (I already addressed the issue of DNA indicating that a cell is a human cell without being a human beings in my previous comment.  It is just a constituent part of a human organism, but not one itself.)Again, when human life begins is clear: at conception. The only dispute regards the hazy issue of 'personhood'- which is a matter of opinion, not to mention a distinction that may not even be meaningful.  It is important to let the average person know that there is no scientific dispute, because that is the misperception that people are (intentionally?) being led to make.