#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
Yes the majority rules but our founding documents are there to protect the minority from the excesses of the majority. In other words, What makes our constitution and the bill of rights different is that there are limits to what a majority can do. States do have individual rights but only up to a certain point. Since Roe v Wade protects the privacy of the individuals in relation to   abortion  , states do not have the right to act against it, just as (to use an absurd example) no state, today, could legally allow any form of slavery to be practiced. We have federal laws against it. Regards to a previous post of yours:It's hard to follow the logic of those against choice, with few exceptions. The reason is, it is so selective and based on this one aspect: abortion, a question, that in a real sense, really only has direct implications on the females of our society (I'm only talking about the ability to produce life since men can't. I am not referring to raising and rearing of a child and all the implication that has on both men and women in terms of the financial, mental / physical well being of the child). But if defining life and protecting life is so important why do we put so many restrictions on dealing with the question.Here's a list:1) the first cause of life. If life is a continual process why stop at the fertilization of the egg by the sperm? My sperm is life in potential. A woman's egg is life in potential. Yet, nature has the female eject unused eggs every month. And well, men...2) Many fertilized eggs are naturally aborted against people's will and we have many techniques for helping them although some of them will have to live their lives without being able to bear children. Why should we make an exception for the induced abortions and force people to have babies they don't want to have?3) Why is only human life so important when there is a strong interconnectedness to all life on the planet?4) What about war and the death penalty - both are cases where we justify the taking of life - how will our future constitutional amendment about life affect these things?I'm sure there are more things but this a good place to start when trying to define the philosophical and moral attitudes we should have about life.