#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Tropes can be true, but a purely '   pro-choice   trope' is ideological.First, a brief point- then I'll address objections. Every species has a life cycle. The human life cycle begins at conception. You are in a position wherein the beginning of the life cycle must of necessity be occurring to something other than a living human organism. How can one make sense of that? I posit that one cannot."a single cell that, more likely than not, possess errors that will prevent it from becoming a complete organism"Such a cell might not develop into an adult. A lot of genetic anomalies prevent reaching adulthood. If one is present in an infant, that wouldn't be a basis for denying the infant is human, which brings us right back to where we started."where the fertilized egg has no defects it is not a complete human - the hardest, most miraculous parts of becoming a complete human organism are still to come."First a question: You used the term 'miraculous'. I won't make a silly objection about its being non-scientific. Would you permit me to use the term 'created' in a secular sense? As in, " at this point a new life is created."Secondly, you contend that something isn't completely human until some point well after the organism's life cycle has begun. How can you argue that a zygote or an embryo or a fetus (human or not) is not a living member of it's species? If we were talking about gametes, then I'd agree. They require other cells to make a complete human. Are you using "complete" in another sense?If you're using the term "human" as synonymous with "person", then you're not making a scientific observation. Are you using it to mean "mature" or maybe "independent"? If so, you are employing an arbitrary distinction. One could say that an organism isn't "complete" until it has reached the final stage of its life cycle. Then a kitten isn't complete, but a cat capable of reproduction is. By any objective standard, a kitten is considered a complete (albeit not fully mature) living feline."You appear to be equating the potential to be complete with actually being complete."Frankly, I am confused by this. Can you expand on it a bit?"there is an important difference between an acorn and an oak tree"Quite right! I know of two cases where there are scientific disputes about when something qualifies as being alive. The first (things like viruses and prions), I mentioned before. The second is a seed. A seed is an embryo which can go dormant. That raises an interesting question: "if it is dormant, then is it living?" I'm not sure that there is an accepted answer. Humans (as far as I know) don't become dormant."organismal biologists, ecologists, etc.) use a definition that includes "independent" when counting the members of a species"I must admit that I've never heard of 'organismal biology'. Maybe for counting purpose that's the practise, but I have trouble believing that any biologist would maintain that an embryo (non-dormant) isn't alive and isn't completely human or feline as the case may be."Geneticists mark conception as the creation of a unique gene combination that is then subject to selective pressures. However, they will tell you that the same thing is true at the onset of a cancer."Sure, in the latter case you have a complete living cancer cell. That's not incompatible with my position."Immunologists tend to put importance on the start of the self-selection process... It is not true that science has shown conception to be the most important beginning... Our modern popular obsession... leads to the idea that conception is the most important benchmark. I don't think it is."POSSIBLY THE MOST IMPORTANT OBSERVATION:When do they "put importance on"? Which is "the most important beginning"? These are questions about value determinations. They are questions about what to emphasize or give significance. Now, there can be value determinations which are context specific, and therefore testable. You've given excellent examples regarding branches of science. "Which of these three breakfast cereals is best?" Is an untestable value judgment. "Which of these three cars is best... at saving gas for driving on city streets?" Is (likely) empirical."When Does Life Begin?" is not a matter of determining value. It is an objective question, although ambiguous. If we agree that the question might better be stated along the lines of "At What Point Does A New Human Life First Exist?"- then it is a matter of fact.It begins at conception, and that isn't a value judgment...or an opinion.