#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Blind Faith is a means of knowledge other than reason, pure faith is based on reason i.e. you have faith that the air you breath is beneficial to your health because of the reason that you know that the oxygen (which you take by faith to be in the air) is required for cellular respiration (a process that you also take on faith - as is the case with almost all of your knowledge).metaphysics is the 'study' of the theoretical especially the supernatural, and it is funny because you're trying to sound like naturalism supports your cause; furthermore the distinction between the religious and the philosophical is negligible.So you're saying that the presence of a soul is the requirement for personhood, and are requiring proof that it inhabits the being from conception?  I therefore challenge you, prove that you have a soul.If conciousness is your criteria, a fetus is conscious of itself and its surroundings; it can feel pain, for one proof, as evidenced by its neurosystem if nothing else.  Furthermore, what about the victims of accidents who fall unconscious: do they suddenly lose their humanity?  So then, someone could legally kill you if they knocked you out first and did it while you were out, right?  But you still failed to prove that a fetus, at any stage lacks consciousness - or that it matters.Techincally, you are the one obsessed with 'phyisical/biological dependence and ubilical cords'; I've repeatedly said they're irrelevant - that's the point.Semantics.  The biological heritage is the most verifiable criterion for personhood.  A person, by official, authoritative definition, is a living human being.  Their biological heritage is the foundation of their moral-legal status.Now, I never claimed that life was a component of humanity (it's not a prerequisite either though, as many dogs are also alive); but you can't kill a corpse, so the question of life is relevant and therefore has 'synergistic significance.'Now, I've clearly stated my definitions.  I draw them from the dictionary.  You have failed even on this count, and you have failed to independently support your position whatsoever.