#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Let's face it: life began millions of years ago, and has continued more-or-less uninterrupted since then. Individual organisms succeed one another within the continuity of life, building on the genetic inheritance from their parents, and at some point these organisms began studying biology and philosophy and invented   religion  .A sperm is a living entity, and therefore a life form, as is an egg, and as is any cell in our body. But we prefer to think of only entire complex organisms as living entities, and individual cells as just a part of a living thing. So when we ask the question "when does life begin?" we're not referring to the event millions of years ago. We are not referring to the beginning of life in general, but to the beginning of a particular living organism, or person. And it's tempting to answer that a person begins to exist when a sperm and egg unite, because this is when a unique genetic combination first takes shape. But there's a problem with that notion, because it's just a single cell at that point, not a complete organism. Is there really a "person" there? Or just a human body cell? That rudimentary cell has no brain, no mind, no consciousness of its existence, can feel no pain or joy, and has no more claim to real personhood than any cell in my body. Except that it has the potential of developing into a person. So it's a potential person. But does that make it a person? Or just a potential future person? What is a person, anyway? Well, I know what a person is. I can distinguish a person from a dog or a hampster. I also recognize a newborn baby as a person, even though it doesn't yet speak a language I know. But a single, mindless, almost-microscopic spherical cell that has none of the attributes of a person? That's   stretching   things. I'd rather wait until it has a brain and a consciousness and an ability to feel pain and pleasure and know that it exists before I call it a person.Ah! But is it true that this single cell has no attributes of a real person? Some would argue that it has a soul, implanted by God himself, just like an adult human being! And that's what makes it different from a skin cell. That's what makes it a real human being, not just a part of a human being. It has a soul!But does it? That's a religious belief, not supported by scientific evidence. And even our concept of a soul is difficult to distinguish from our concept of our mind, except that the soul is supposed to live forever, whereas the mind dies when the brain dies. But the soul is supposed to retain all the memories of the mind, we're told, and to succeed the mind as our own identity after our body dies. Is all that true? Or could the soul really be just the mind, but with the added attribute of eternal life? Do we even know that there is eternal life? The Bible says so, but it was written by people who thought the earth was flat and the center of the universe. Oh, I forgot. God wrote the Bible by manipulating the hands of the authors. So everything in the Bible is absolute truth. Or is it? OK, let's come back to the real issue. Should we send a woman to prison because she interrupted the development of a single parasitic cell in her body that might otherwise have become a person someday? Or was it already a person? I think that depends upon whether it had a soul. If it didn't, it was just another mindless cell that might have developed into a human being some day, as might any developing egg or any sperm. And the issue of a soul is purely a religious issue. If we rely upon the unsubstantiated religious beliefs of certain people to imprison women who take command of the   health   of their own bodies by refusing to submit to the growth of an unwelcome, mindless parasitic cell and a following eighteen-year sentence of parenthood, then what kind of   society   have we become? The objection to the   abortion   of a mindless cell is based upon the purely religious speculation that that cell has a soul implanted by a god. But even if you believe in a god and a soul, how do you know when that god sticks the soul into the body? That's pure speculation. We don't send people to prison for violating speculative religious beliefs, especially if they don't personally believe them. This is a   democracy  , for God's sake, not a cruel theocratic totalitarian regime like Iran. If you don't like a democracy, go to Iran. You'll be better off, and so will we.