#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
Which is the actual length of time, really.  40 weeks, in general.  I make the claim that it wrong to force a woman (by means of either allowing or disallowing action) to be imprisoned to her body for any reason.  More over, I find the claim that we must allow only medical actions that agree with nature to be preposterous considering the whole point of medical advancement has been to thwart nature.And if you find that it is acceptable to force a woman to give up her freedom for however long because it means that one life might live, you find it acceptable to say one person's life can not be free.... and this then applies to all people - including the life that freedom was tossed aside for.   Which makes little sense.If you say one person has no right to freedom because it's only for a short time, you make it allowable for every person to be enslaved to another for only a short period of time.  Freedom doesn't work that way.  Either you are free (in so far as the use of your body by others), or you are unfree.  This is one reason why Vietnam was so opposed.  Because you had thousands, literally, who were enslaved by the government.   And further to that, men like Cheney and Bush and Clinton and a host of others were able to buy their way out this enslavement.   Which speaks further to injustice. You join the military because you want to.   If you were forced into it against your will and principles of what you believe (for if you believed in the   war  , you would have enlisted), would you still hold that your life was worth less than others?  And if you hold that your life is worth less than others lives, why then should you try and force your belief upon me?  I owe my life to no one.  To be forced to owe my life to someone, even for a short period of time, means that I have no individual right.   This is the very foundation of this country... that I have the right of an individual.   I think I have said though, that if it determined that the fetus is viable - or even if the medical community is unsure but there is a possibility of it being saved, there is little difference between an   abortion   and a c-section.   If the woman does not want to give up her freedom and owe her life to a fetus, there is more than one option of abortion, at some point, that doesn't enslave the woman.  If this is the case, then it becomes the responsibility of us all to ensure that the life of the fetus IS protected.   This doesn't mean the woman must remain pregnant.... it simply means a change in procedure.   However, if this is the case - which I think it is.... it is not the woman who bears the burden of this extra cost, but the   society   that says life should be protected.    