#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Dear Pepper:You asked: "So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think?"Yes. I don't merely suggest it. I affirm it with full conviction.You wrote: "You ought to be more careful as it's a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do."Your assertion is not an argument---nor is it persuasive. Your allusion to "scientific fact" is of the same type.But I am curious to know why you believe the lower animals can think.  Have you read an article written by a rat? Have you observed cats working to send a man to the moon?  Or maybe a chimp worked at your computer for a while where it accessed the net and discussed with an MIT professor the dangers of government interference in the economy? I'm not being facetious.  I'm quite serious. I am trying to stress that a process of thought is far different from a beaver making a dam prompted by his biological programming---and so forth in regard to all the other activities the lower animals engage in.  None of that is thought. Nor is thought the response to stimuli. A different process is involved when, say, we discuss our differing points of view.  I could not hold this discussion with any of the lower animals. Why do you think that is?  Is it merely because you and I share the same language?  Or is something else involved? For example, suppose we are in the same room and in silence I point to a chair. You would know immediately what that object was.  And if I also pointed to a dining table, you would again know what I was pointing to.  Then suppose I stated, "I need more furniture." You would know instantly that what I meant was I need another chair, or a bed or a side table.  This is an example of concept formation.  It is an abstract process that is unique to man because only we have the kind of consciousness required to do that kind of mental work.As for the rest of your comments, I regret to say I do not agree with anything you wrote.  As I said before, I do not consider a fetus a human being.  Consequently I cannot agree with your statements, which all follow from that premise. I do not consider it virtuous to compromise on the principle of individual rights.  I do not accept the initiation of force as a proper mode of civilized, moral conduct. Of all your assertions the one most grievously horrific is your statement that a fetus "at some point its right to live should supersede a woman's right to abort it." This says that a woman's rights should be at the mercy of whoever decides what that point is.  Would you enjoy having a  "right" that is conditional upon how much time an egg spends in your womb? Perhaps you would consider it your duty to give birth, since someone else says you must?  In any case, a "conditional right" is not a right at all. It is the wholesale destruction of individual rights. 