#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
I think we need to introduce to this conversation a definition of freedom.  Freedom is not the ability to do whatever you want.  That's anarchy.  In a free   society  , everyone has "inalienable rights" that are protected by the government.  Sometimes, those inalienable rights are mutually exclusive.  For example, if someone buys something, it his property by right, and it is absolutely wrong to take it away.  At the same time, people have a right to freedom from slavery, and it is absolutely wrong to violate that right.  So if a someone buys another person, we have a problem.  On the one hand, the first has an inalienable right to his (or her) property.  On the other, the second has an equally inalienable right to his/her liberty.  Both cannot be.  It is absolutely wrong to keep slaves, but it is absolutely wrong to confiscate an individuals property.  What to do?  Fortunately, this nation made a decision that the right to liberty trumps the right to property.  As you well know, this was not always the case.  Now, you rightly argue that it is absolutely wrong to force a woman to be imprisoned in her own body for any reason.  I agree with this, but by the same token, it is absolutely wrong to kill her child for any reason.  The   pregnancy   cannot rightfully be terminated, and cannot rightfully be allowed to continue.  Alas, both cannot be.  In this situation, one must consider which has the greater claim to his or her rights.  This is the only situation in which it is acceptable to consider the extent and length of the limitations of freedoms.  I would argue that the fetus, assuming that it is a person, has a greater   right to life   than its mother has to her right to reproductive freedom.I fail to see where you are trying to go with your little "the government enslaved Americans back in Nam" rant.  Are you referring to the draft?Also, you seem to suggest I said some things that I did not.  The first is the comment about natural medical procedures near the beginning.  I never said anything about abortion being "unnatural" or anything like that.  I support   genetic   engineering, cloning, adult stem cell research, Frankenfoods, etc.  The only reason I am opposed to infant stem cell research is the necessity of killing a fetus to conduct said research.  I really don't give a shit about whether something is "natural."  The second is the claim that somewhere in this conversation I said that my life was "less valuable" than other Americans.  I never said that, not once, or even implied that.  And where do you get off questioning my support for the   war   based on my enlistment status?  Because I didn't enlist right out of high school I obviously don't believe in the war?  What?  You don't know the circumstances, and you can't make judgements like that without signifigantly more information than you have been given.