#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
You are right, from a scientific point of view a parasite is a living being that relies on a foreign body to sustain itself. "While certainly one can go far longer without sex than without eating, still both ARE voluntary actions which may result in a foreign living thing coming to attach itself to the inside of the hostÕs body and drawing its sustenance from the host without providing any particular symbiotic benefit to the host"Objection:A foetus is not a foreign living thing, it's a blood-relative human. This is the point that the   pro-life   and myself think is the reason we consider abortion an injustice as bad as a genocide: every tiny little embryo or fetus is already a HUMAN being from the point it's continuous development starts: conception. There are no substancial changes in it's genetic code from that moment on. From the moment an egg is fertilized no external agent interfere with it to change it's composition. Any interruption of it's development to a new born baby is the termination of a human being. I think we all agree that all humans have the same rights.If you accept this hypotesis then let's look at your comment under this spotlight:"Men (and sometimes women) tend to take very lightly the physical, psychological, and sometimes economic investment a woman makes during the 40 weeks of pregnancy"> This is so very true, it is a huge change to the woman that becomes pregnant, i don't deny it.Now as you said it only lasts 40 weeks, a temporary condition. Abortion is permanent, it terminates the life of an innocent human being."As it is, today, something like 4 in 1000 women will die, worldwide, as a result of pregnancy. In developed nations, the lifetime risk of a woman dying as a result of one of her pregnancies is around 1 in 2800, but in places like sub-Saharan Africa, about 1 out of every 16 women will die as a result of one of her pregnancies over the course of her childbearing years"> The number of induced abortions declined worldwide between 1995 and 2003, from nearly 46 million to approximately 42 million. About one in five pregnancies worldwide end in abortion.(The Alan Guttmacher Institute)Your stats: 0.4 % CHANCES to die during chilbirth (0.28 in developed nations).My stats: 20% CERTAIN death of a human being.What is worse?As for all the reasons you consider can justify an abortion:Are any of these, except a life danger situation for the mother, enough to justify the suppression of a human life? "There are many women whose lives are at risk if they become pregnant">This is not true, these are your stats: 0.4% chances of death during childbirth"Some women will lose their jobs if they become pregnant, particularly if they have bedrest">This is sadly true, but shouldn't we ask our politicians to protect the pregnant woman instead of just send them to abortion clinics? This is a point i see we both agree as you said in an earlier post: there is certainly more to do to avoid unwanted pregnancies, and aid women to carry on their pregnancy."Some women are caring for several infants and toddlers already, who rely on them, and cannot undergo the stress of another pregnancy"> Is it justified, in such a case to suppress one of it's children to make life easier for her? That would be infanticide, no matter the excuse. Why is it possible to kill the one she carries inside? Because we don't see it, it is acceptable to kill it?"Sometimes minors become pregnant before their bodies are strong and developed enough to support a pregnancy without risking severe damage"> Here again we should work on making these pregnancies an exception. No severe damage is worse than death.On the rape issue: The statistics tell us that less than 1% of abortions is done because of a rape.This is a very emotive issue that pro-abortion advocates love to expose.This is nonetheless a tragic outcome of a rape, to get pregnant of the man that violated you.But how suppressing a human life makes it easier? Isn't it killing even worse than the act of raping?How aborting will help overcome what happened to her? She will have to carry the child for 9 months and then give it into adoption. "...there are some very valid reasons for a woman to have one. And such decisions are best made by a woman and her doctor, rather than being forced upon her by society"> A lot of people i talked to upon the subject see it exactly as you: If we ban abortion it is like a personal moral issue that society forces on women. We are not against women, it's just that we really think that all humans are equals in rights, and first of all those rights is the right to life. Only in a situation where the life of the mother is in danger we can accept that an indirect abortion can be the outcome. No reason can be put forth to justify murder except self defense. We just want this for every human being, no matter it's size, stage of development or dependency. These are differences in degree not in kind. Mankind.