#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
DNA is what distinguishes any organism from every other, according to science (Biology specifically).  Again, we're talking about HUMAN DNA.  I'm sure you'd agree that something like bipedality is trivial.  Tumors aren't organisms - they're part of an organism; or rather the corruption thereof.  Unfertilized eggs & sperm don't have complete DNA; only half; and again, aren't complete organisms, only part of another organism.  The union of a human sperm cell, and human egg, produces a new human being - (see the above).Now the debate isn't about the theological foundations of the United States of America; though it's undeniable.  If you don't like it (whether rational or otherwise), you are free to move - China has a nice Godless government; Russia does too.  However; the argument is purely logical.  If you deny a Creator, you deny any reasonable source for the "inalienable rights", and therefore all rights, including the so-called 'right to choose', since there is no longer any rational basis for equality.  Justice, Morality, and Ethics are inherently non-secular.  If our system were truly secular and based on the Enlightenment, there would be no reference to a Creator, and the First Amendment would never have included anything remotely pertaining to religion.As for the practice, where else do you get laws against murder, rape, and theft, except from religion?  Relativism holds no standard, for the one on trial can always say "well that may be good for you but ..."Now you may object that the law isn't relative, but that which has a relativ basis is inherently relative.  Thus if our justice/legal system is based on something as relative as 'cultual/social norms', it is likewise, fundamentally  relative.But this is a tangent and I'll discuss it no further.You're job is to refute that an embryo or fetus isn't a human being.  There's only 2 ways: 1. they aren't human (they are); 2. they aren't living beings (they are).If you claim something as obscure as dependency, then you are no more protected than they are, for you are not biologically or ecologicaly or socially independent, and therefore your reasoning for abortion could be extended to you.  If you make the claim 'it doesn't look human'  that only applies within the first 3 wks, and then your ratioale could also apply to the handicapped - or even people of different hair, eye, or skin color.