#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
We are PRO-choice, PRO privacy.  If you have been paying attention to national polls you'd discover that a majority of Americans support a woman's right to a legal   abortion  .Abortion does not kill "children" it simply stops the growth of an embryo.  Denying children access to healthcare, housing, food, parents who can make a living wage is far more a case of "murder" than allowing a woman the right to make her own medical decisions.  It's a privacy issue and that means what another woman does is none of your business. If you want to agree with Mother Theresa, fine (she never experianced being pregnant) but to tell others who don't share your religious beliefs what they can or can't do is morally wrong.  Remember, the Catholic church always chose the fetus over the mother.  This usually left many motherless families.  Too many times the father had to put his children into orphanages because he couldn't work and take care of them.  It would have been better to let the woman live so she could be there for her other children.  This is the same church that denied woman access to birth control so they could prevent getting pregnant.  Besides, almost half of all conceptions are spontaneously aborted in the first 6-8 weeks so if God doesn't have a problem aborting embryos why should you care what a woman, who is a stranger to you, does?  I'm sure you're not willing to pay more taxes to help support all these millions more children you so insist must be brought into this world.  I usually find that the enforced pregnancy crowd are all for protecting "the innocent fetus" but once it's born it then becomes "someone else's mistake" and "not my responsibility".  Yeah, let's all applaud that moral stance!What I also find interesting that the Bible says nothing regarding abortion except where if a man causes a woman to abort he has to financially compensate her for the loss of the pregnancy.  If God can be so specific about what foods we are allowed to eat, when we can have sex, and what clothes we are suppose to wear, it seems odd that "He" was so silent on this subject. No where in the Bible does it say that "no woman who has conceived shalt abort her conception".  I mean, isn't God suppose to be timeless, able to see into the future, ect., ect.,?  Yet, the subject of abortion was never addressed.  The question of abortion will never be settled.  Those of us of feel it's a medical/privacy issue would rather a woman have access to a safe, legal abortion.  Your side will always consider it immoral and murder but since no one is forcing your or your daughters to have an abortion against your will I think it's a procedure that should remain legal.  Don't believe in abortion, don't have one.