#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
Interesting Topic.  "Can Catholics Vote For Pro-Choice Politicians".Fisrt Off, The only individual qualified to answer or have an opinion in such a matter should rightly be a Catholic.  For it is he/she who knows the truth of the matter.  Secondly, only a Catholic in good standing with the teachings of the Church should apply.  Well then, that pretty well narrows it down a bit.Throughout the ages mankind has fought against good and evil.  Placing both at the forefront of the battle from which gain members.To do evil is relitively easy.  To do Good on the other hand, well now, thats another story, but it's one with a happy ending I assure you.Religion has been with man from the beginning and man himself and by himself can not seem to agree when that happened either.  That's another story.For the most part, a mans religion has been a mans reason for living, for doing good deeds and for spiritual gratification.  An inner growth in sorts.  Man who becomes bored with doing good things will tend to drift toward a more distorted belief.  An inward or selfward belief.  One which promises nothing and will in the end, do much the same.  This same man or individual will challenge any and all things that block his ability to waiver from the Truth.  Much like an adolesent who so chooses to misbehave in the face of a supperior.  He'll take on the Empire State Building, making claims to substantiate his opinion and stope low in order to win his point.  A kind of sinister high, if you will.  He's taken on authority from all corners of the world and when that wasn't challenging enough, he decided to take on God.  Thinking so highly of himself, he couldn't see the forrest for the trees.  We've seen this play out before and within the Catholic Church when certain individuals decided to place themselves above God.  Most recently, this created a break in the Church with false promises to those wanting more, so called freedom from the teachings of the Church.Of course like many people do, they decided to leave and start their own church with their own way of doing things and with their own beliefs, interpreted in their own way.  Even today, within the Catholic Church, there are those who call themselves Catholic but hold their own personal views and opinions, far from the True Churchs Doctrin which has been handed down from the beginning.  The Teachings have not changed, though the people have.  It is one Teaching, that from God, which protects the Catholic Church, the one Jesus started some two thousand years ago.  Over 33,000 new and improved churchs have popped up since the 1500's and continue to promise everything but the entire Truth.  Those who wish to argue this can simply research it for themselves.  I didn't make it up, I simply am providing you an extended version of why this topic can not be debated upon as though it were an opinon for cooking pizza.  Oh it can I guess, but then you would be choosing to be on the right side or the wrong side.  So proceed with caution.  Somebodies life other than your own, might well depend on it.A Pro-Choice Politician is just another individual who wants a vote.  A True-Catholic cannot vote for an intrensic evil unless the options available provide a better result which would be supportive to Gods point of view which supports all life.  Society today has watered down Truth as to it's true meaning from years ago.  Today Truth still exist and it's a wonderful thing to have in a confused world.  Like many topics, instead of trying to dissect our world into more suitable bites, can we not simply list all that is Good and all that is Bad, like too opposing teams and let the players decide for themselves?  But then again, you would have to allow an oppertunity for the Truth to be known.  