#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Of course I've "heard" of adoption.  Golly, did I fall off the turnip truck today?  Your arguments are based on emotion, my arguments are based on fact and experience.  No one should force another to have a medical procedure against their will nor should you have the 'right' to impose your religious views on other women.  You have no right to interfere in another woman's right to privacy.  Banning   abortion   won't stop women from having an abortion it forces them to seek out an expensive and unsafe medical procedure that has a far greater chance of complications and death than having a safe procedure done by a qualified doctor.  I took care of women who aborted themselves and it wasn't pretty.  I found it rather disgusting to have a police officer come to her bedside when they should have been chasing real criminals.  We have nearly a half a million children in foster care and almost half of those need homes.  They may not be cute babies but they are no less deserving.  As I have said so many, many times before, if you don't believe in abortion then don't have one.  Work to make it a better world where few children are in foster care.  Where they can be born wanted, have access to shelter, food, medical care,  education and their mothers/parents can make a living wage so they don't have to worry if an unwanted pregnancy happens.  You are the same kind of people who want to ban birth control.  I find it outrages that people who work in pharmacies refuse to fill women's prescriptions for birth control pills because they 'don't believe' the have the right to prevent pregnancies.  Why people feel they must force their brand of religious insanity down other women's throats I'll never know.  There will always be cases where a woman's health requires having an abortion.  Her life and health will ALWAYS take precedence over a hunk of cells as far as I'm concerned.  There's no 'there' there when it comes to an embryo but a woman is very much 'here and now'.  Besides tbcass, you still haven't addressed my comments regarding the fact that unless the woman is a member of your family you still have no right to interfere in her privacy. Again, it's none of your business so get on with YOUR life and let others live there's.  You can't keep insisting that all pregnancies must be brought to birth and then just dump them out in the cold to fend for themselves..really, try and think this through.