#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
The question isn't whether   abortion   ought to be legal but rather - In the United States, and indeed throughout the rest of the world, does a human being have the right of self-determination and, at least in the United States, the liberty to exercise that right. This question, of course, was resolved a long time ago in the writing of the U.S. Constitution. It was answered affirmatively in the bill of rights in which the right of self-determination and the liberty to exercise that right is inherent in freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom to bear arms, etc. The intent of those who composed the constitution is quite clear - unquestioned right of self-determination and liberty to exercise the same. None of these rights and freedoms are possible without that basic assumption. If the tribe - and this is in effect how the nation behaves on a regular basis - chooses to interfere with a woman's right to control the functions of her own body, the tribe undermines the basis of all other individual freedoms thus destroying the heart of U.S. law - those principles written into the U.S. Constitution. If a woman's right to self-determination is undermined, so too you undermine freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, economic freedom, right to private property, and on and on. I believe the majority of Americans, particularly those arguing against the legality of abortion, do not fully understand what they are tampering with. They are, in fact, themselves inserting the wedge that will topple their right to ask and decide such questions in their own personal lives. It is but a short step from disallowing the right to choose abortion to legal control over when and if a woman has a child at all. If a woman does not absolutely own her womb, she at some point will be told when she can and cannot have a child, with whom, how many and how often. This sounds extremist, of course, however, this is the very real logical destiny called for by those who would destroy a woman's right to choose. If a woman cannot decide NOT to bear a child, she also cannot decide when she WILL have a child. The tribe reduces a woman to a mere walking womb belonging to the people.If the tribe refuses to allow a woman to decide to abort a fetus, then the tribe must necessarily take responsibility for that fetus. It necessarily become property of the people thus reducing a fetus/child to a thing for barter. It stands to reason, if you compel tribal decisions on an individual, the tribe is responsible for the consequences of those decisions, NOT the individual. Also, by promoting the fetus to the status of "full human being", you create a situation where you impose slavery on the mother to the fetus - the slavery of one full human being to another full human being. We, as americans, no longer legally support slavery and therefore, to be consistent, must do all that is possible to liberate the mother from slavery to that "full human being" growing inside her. The child MUST be removed and allowed to survive on its own. After all, it's a "full human being", is it not? If it is a crime for an individual to move into the home of another uninvited and forcibly take up residence, it is also a crime for a a fetus allegedly with full rights and liberties to be allowed to reside in a mother unwelcome. The rights of the "fully human" fetus cannot supersede the rights of the mother. If they are equal, the desires of each must be considered equally. The mother does not want the unwelcome guest. If the tribe decides to make decisions for that unwelcome guest, the tribe must necessarily resolve the situation of illegal residence - otherwise the tribe loses all legitimacy in its interference in the decisions of the pregnant woman and her right to decide for herself is restored by default.If the tribe condones slavery, the tribe has no legitimacy.