#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
You make many definitive statements about what is true. These are your opinions, not incontrovertible truths, as you present them. This subject is debatable even if you say it isn't.I take particular exception to this statement, "A new and unique, and complete human organism exists at conception."At conception there is a single cell that, more likely than not, possess errors that will prevent it from becoming a complete organism. Even in the case where the fertilized egg has no defects it is not a complete human - the hardest, most miraculous parts of becoming a complete human organism are still to come. You appear to be equating the potential to be complete with actually being complete. I believe there is an important difference between an acorn and an oak tree.You are wrong when you say, "When a new human life exists- ie, when there is a new organism which is alive and which is a member of our species- is incontrovertibly established by science as being at conception." The phrase, "incontrovertibly established by science," is far from true.Scientists as a group do not agree on this very debate. The question is, "when is there something new?" Many biologists that deal in whole organisms (e.g. organismal biologists, ecologists, etc.) use a definition that includes "independent" when counting the members of a species. Geneticists mark conception as the creation of a unique gene combination that is then subject to selective pressures. However, they will tell you that the same thing is true at the onset of a cancer. Many neuroscientists put the creation of something new significantly later, when neural or even cognitive activity begins. Immunologists tend to put importance on the start of the self-selection process when the developing embryo begins to distinguish (at a molecular, not cognitive, level) between self and non-self. It is not true that science has shown conception to be the most important beginning. There are many firsts in each cycle of life, each of them equally necessary for the continuity of life. Our modern popular obsession with the importance of DNA leads to the idea that conception is the most important benchmark. I don't think it is. Oh, and a trope can certainly be true.