#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
The name "Family Research Counsel" is an oxymoron. They don't do research; they preach lies.This is a Fundamentalist Christian front group. The core principle of Fundamentalism is that every word of the Bible is literally true and without error. The core principle of Fundamentalism is fraud. If you attempted to sell a product as clearly defective as that, in any business but art or   religion  , you would go to prison.  Once you have a group of people who have committed the   faith   of their lives to a lie, you can get them to go to bat for any damned-fool proposition.  For 25 years these deceivers have distorted and distracted Americans from the proper business of government, which is business. The Family Research Council  loved George W. Bush, who arrogantly believed that he had the God-given right to   torture    people after they were born but that no one should have the right to abort a fetus, because of his primitive religion. That sad, era, of ignorance and arrogance, is over.Now they attempt to undermine the Obama administration that promises   science  -based public policy, which should be an opportunity for a "research" shop, except, of course, that they have no research only lies, distorted by ideology. FRC offers nothing that can stand up to critical examination, which is no problem for true-believers but doesn't fly well outside their cult.  America has listened to these pied-pipers for far too long; where they led our country is the wrong direction.  They have divided us over personal choices that are not the government's business to decide, while they empowered a corrupt administration that stole our   children  's future and entangled us in unnecessary wars.  Up to 1,000,000 utterly innocent Iraqi civilians died in George Bush's   war  . Go tell them that you are   pro-life  .Who cares what the Family "Research" Council says?  Let them be a big influence in the administration of Rush Limbaugh and Sarah Palin, which exists on the same plane as their pathetic   religious   fantasies.  I don't know what the key to the Kingdom of God is, but I'll bet you 50 cents it's not a lie.