#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
Abortion rights is an important issue, and it is typically presented (as in this debate) as a complex topic involving women's right, women's health, the doctor-patient relationship, government interference, social policy, historical precedent, biblical interpretation, etc.  But in the end none of this is relevant.  The root question is "When does life begin?" If you believe that life begins at conception (I do not), then there can be no justification for abortion, just as there can be no justification for murder.  In this case, abortion must be illegal in ALL cases.  Ethically, exceptions cannot be made, even for cases of rape, incest, or the health of the mother just as we cannot murder one innocent person to save the life of another.  It seems to me that "Pro-lifers" who allow these exceptions are contradicting themselves, because there are no exceptions to rules against murder.  But if you believe that life does not begin at conception, then abortion (at least until the point at which you believe life does begin) has no ethical component, and should be legal as a matter of personal choice.  I don't know when life begins.  But I do know that it is NOT at conception, or any time soon thereafter.  For me life is not based my interpretation of when the soul inhabits the body. It is based on when consciousness begins.  And that cannot happen AT LEAST until there is a functioning brain.  No matter what anyone claims, at this point NO ONE knows when life beings.  Clearly this is a matter that has been debated for thousands of years, and on which we all have opinions (most of them strong).  But that's the point, they are OPINIONS, not facts.  Our philosophy and science have simply not come far enough to give an unambiguous answer to this question, leaving it (for most people) in the realm of faith. And since the nature of life IS a matter of opinion at this point, abortion should also remain a matter of opinion...and choice.  Much of this needs elaboration, but it's a good place to start.  Sid