#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
First, my apologies for creating some confusion.My comments were strictly in response the "argument" and was written before I read the comments.  I did however read the comments before I posted mine and I did "ignore" your comment essentially because you changed the topic.  The argument is about embryos, not fetuses.  Scientifically, there is a vast difference.  After I reread all the comments (including my own) I looked for a way to edit them in order to reference yours, but I could find no edit link.I have no intention of pretending you do not exist; you believe your position as much as I believe mine.  I have every intention of creating a true debate.The argument states that an embryo is not a human (person), but it also implies that a fetus is.Everyone being on the "same page" proves nothing beyond agreement of opinion.I think definitions are getting mixed up here.  Life, humanity, person: are these the same thing?  I believe we must consistently define what "personhood" is and when it begins.  For the rest of the "argument," let's use one word (human, life, ??? suggestion) as the organism that begins when it can be detected and ends when it is dead (thus fetus through adulthood).  Let's also use one word (personhood, humanity, ??? suggestion) for the status of the organism that is given value and legal protection.It appears that you have essentially said, there is no personhood … because it is not a person," which is not a valid statement because a word was used to define itself.  This is also not a reason, it is pure opinion.  It would be valid to say that a fetus is not a person because it does not have the qualities of a person (although I would disagree with that assertion).  Referencing another comment of yours on this argument, it is interesting to say that personhood / legal protection begins at birth.  I'm very curious of your reasons for this.I object to "each" woman’s opinion being allowed to define when personhood begins.  Many women would say it begins at conception, many others say at birth.  Men are equally diverse in their opinion.  Some have even said it begins at toddlerhood.  I contend that a set of scientific facts must be allowed to make a consistent decision.  We cannot reasonably have laws that allow for double-murder when a pregnant woman is killed and at the same time declare it legal for a doctor to lethally inject a fetus.  How can both of these laws exist together?You are correct that opinions do not establish reality (fact), but they do establish laws, morals, ethics, values, rules, textbooks, politics, and culture. These things are very powerful, and real forces.  I believe we both agree that reality (fact) must rule the argument / debate / question / decision.  If so then we can and should come to the same conclusion.  I hope to get there.