#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
So it is metaphysical independence that creates personhood?  I guess Siamese twins are really one person, not two.Partial-birth abortion is a political  term for Intact dilation and extraction and several variants (    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partial-birth_abortion    ).If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then neither of my children were "born."  Both need to be pulled in the final minutes of labor.If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then a physician performing a Cesarean certainly would not constitute a birth.For both of my children, the "laws of nature DID NOT induce a biological process which expels and organism fully developed to function autonomously".  Both were induced with medicine, labor did not naturally occur.  Both were born attached to an umbilical cord, they were not autonomous.You are correct, cesarean births do not change the debate, they make it a stronger case that personhood has nothing to do with the birth and must exist before.If "Exotic, borderline, or abnormal cases do not define the principle or category," then why can we not outlaw partial-birth abortions?  Anyone willing to read the description (or watch a video) of the process can only conclude that at minimum 4/5 of a "birthed" fetus (generally called a baby) is killed.  Degrees of "out of the birth canal" ARE fundamental here since you have centered your entire argument around this word.  I ask you yet again to define when exactly "birth" occurs.I have now scoured the site and read each of your comments several times.  Not once do you actually list a reason for your assertion that "birth" creates personhood.  The closest thing to a reason you have given is, "the laws of nature eventually result in a fetus becoming survivable, fully formed, its organs functioning autonomously, and the whole organism becoming metaphysically independent, and at that time, the law of cause-and-effect induces childbirth."  You must not know that 28% of US births are not induced naturally.You must not know that a baby 24 weeks from conception can live on machines providing the functions of organs for months and within a few years be a normal healthy child.You must not know that birth does not make a human fully independent from its mother, it is still physically attached.You must not know that not all fetuses are survivable when birthed.You must not know that not all fetuses are fully formed when birthed.You must not know that spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) occur on a regular basis.You must not know that a fetus 5 seconds before birth is physically identical in every way to the same organism 5 seconds after birth and that there is no magical physical transformation during the birthing process.Wendy, you are not debating the issue at hand, but simply discounting my statements as meaningless and repeating that you have laid out a solid case for your position which you have not; you have not laid out any case.  Please debate the issue so we can see the truth.