#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=After Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
My favorite line by Jon OBrien is "hard cases make bad   law  ." It is easy for people with limited experience to make harsh judgements on certain issues, especially if they are indoctrinated when they are young by religious beliefs.    "Hard cases make bad laws." "People arguing to the contrary are attemtpting to justify   murder   with a lot of rhetoric (professing themselves wise they became fools.") Biblical quote, I assume.   In 1969, before   abortion   became   legal   in this country, the doctor who delivered me 11 years before treated me after I had been raped by a stranger in my own bed with my whole family asleep in the house. With tears in his eyes, he ensured that I would not have my rapist's baby at age 12. According to you, my doctor, my parents, and I are murderers. I believe this is what Jon O Brien or anyone else would refer to as a "hard case." The problem with blanket judgments such as yours, and what makes abortion unique, is that a choice often has to be made between the welfare of the mother and that of the fetus, in my case, a fertilized egg. For my parents and my doctor, the choice was obvious, but not to many callous religious zealots. Forcing a child to have her rapist's child is tantamount to raping her again, yet the Catholic   church   has intervened in such cases against the child. It is sad to say that the last 15 years have shown us that the Catholic Church has turned a blind eye and even enabled horrific child abuse on a large scale, permanently damaging their credibility on any such issue to the core.These situations get very messy ethically and medically, and are best left between women and their physicians. Envision yourself at the door of an ER watching a scenario similar to the one descibed above. Most rational people would turn and run, not walk away from such a situation, with an overwhelming feeling that they had violated that family's privacy with only a glimpse and undrstanding of what was taking place. The thought of actually intervening is unfathomable when it has actual human faces. It is much easier when there are not.  Because of the numerous factors to be considered, abortion lends itself to limited legislation at best. Abortion restrictions do indeed "make bad law."    