#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=At Conception
#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
Aside: "Now I could be belligerent and mention that when a human begins to burn resources on reproductive structures that is really the beginning - the point where a human starts preparing the next generation. This illustrates the nature of a cycle, there is always something before."I'm a bit unclear about what that means.  Does 'burning resources' mean using energy?  What do you mean when you say 'reproductive structure'?  Are you talking about puberty or the development of genitals in utero?"This discussion of beginnings simply does not help with the broader question of   abortion  ."I agree to an extent.  The abortion question is about ascribing rights.  What sort of rights do women have over their reproduction?  How extensive can these rights be before we reach the point of absurdity?  (Unless you're [famous and controversial bioeticist] Peter Singer, you'd have to admit that it would be absurd to try to justify an elective abortion once ex utero viability has been attained.)  What sort of rights do humans have prior to birth?  How extensive can these rights be when they conflict with the wishes of the mother?The questions are philosophical, not scientific.  The reason that I think it is significant to establish that science does establish that human life begins at conception is that it shows people that the issue is not one that can be resolved through science.  If you accept that there is a human life involved other than that of the mother, then you accept that you are dealing with how to ascribe rights.  If you reject that there is another human life, then you can reject as absurd the notion that you would be giving rights to a such a thing- they compare it to giving rights to a tumor.  Some (but not all) pro-choicers use this strategy.  "The ideologues on both sides of the abortion issue want an answer that leads to a legal result. They both want to create the binary situation that I argue against - the worthless/important dichotomy as you aptly describe it."Hmmm.  Perhaps.  I'm not sure if I agree with that.  Most pro-choicers allow that a certain level of development entails restricting abortion.  Roe has different criteria for the trimesters.  The current law can be interpreted as taking a 'spectrum' approach rather than a binary approach.  The problem is that the law has to be reasonably simple, and so rather than a continuous gradual change, you end up with 'quantum leaps' from one trimester to the next.As a pro-lifer, I am willing to admit that I do have a worthless/important approach as regards gametes versus zygotes.  I don't think that that is philosophically problematic.  I believe that there is a dichotomy of human/non-human and that being pro-life is an outgrowth of that for me.  I do have a spectrum approach if you expand your parameters far enough.  Some non-humans (non-mammals) have (in my view) no rights.  Most mammals have a right to humane treatment.  Some mammals (great apes and some cetaceans) have rights even beyond that.  All humans have a right not to be injured or executed (especially without due process) but nothing more than that.  Only as you mature to you accrue additional rights. As far as value (as opposed to right attribution) is concerned, that would come up in 'life boat' dilemmas.  If only X people can survive and there are X + N people, then how do you decide who lives and who dies?  Relative worth of human life (in my view) is only appropriate to discuss in such situations, but they are rare.  That's also the reason that I have no problem with exceptions for the life of the mother."In the absence of people trying to make this dichotomy you and I would never have had this discussion. The minor distinctions between being a sperm with the potential to be human and simply being a live human would be an esoteric subject."I like esoteric subjects.  I'd probably have been interested in this topic anyway No one is battling over the status of viruses, and I've had discussions about that just for fun.My tastes aren't typical.  :)