#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Dear Pepper:You asked: "What evidence do you have that a fetus can not think? Later term fetuses definitely exhibit brain activity."Brain activity is not thought. Every organism that has a brain, has brain activity. Cats have brain activity. So do rats and birds and dolphins and so forth. Brain activity per se is not the defining characteristic of thought. Thought is a complex set of identifications and integrations of two or more percepts, which means thought requires some perception of that which exists independent of one's own consciousness.  A fetus inside a womb has no material to be conscious of. One cannot be conscious when there is nothing to be conscious of. The evidence that a fetus cannot think lies in how it must function. By its nature, it relies on its host.  If, for instance, the host smokes or drinks, we know "out here" that this is not good for the fetus "in there," but the fetus does not know that such things are bad for it. It cannot identify or evaluate the things the host sends to it.  It can only passively absorb what the host gives it. You wrote: "A fetus most definitely has human DNA. It has a heartbeat. It has a brain and brain activity. It is, in scientific terms, every bit as much human as you are."Not true.  A fetus does have the things you mentioned but none of it adds up to the human.  Human DNA or a heartbeat or brain activity are not defining characteristic of a human being.  The essential defining characteristic of a human being is conceptual consciousness. DNA is the building block of the physical organism, which includes the brain. You wrote: "You are correct when you say a human being refers to a specific living organism of a specific kind. That specific kind is determined by its DNA. Fetuses are living, and they have human DNA. That makes them human."No. As I indicated above, when one is discussing the human, one must consider the essential that differentiates the human from other mammalian life forms, which is rationality. The human is the rational animal. The rational animal alone has a conceptual consciousness.You asked: "By what basis or by what evidence do you make the observation that a fetus has no mind, or that it has no independent conceptual consciousness? Please provide the evidence to support that comment."I've already answered this above. You asked: "What is the magical transformation that takes place in a matter of seconds that transforms a parasite into a human being?"There is no magic involved. The transformation involves essentially two fundamentals: existence and development.  Ordinarily, at a particular stage of its physical development, a mammalian organism is ejected from its host. At that moment, it is plunged into the entire array of things that make up the universe, including light and gravity and objects and so forth. The born organism cannot immediately perceive everything available to him. It takes considerably longer than a few seconds to ignite the operation of his consciousness. Upon birth it is still on the pleasure-pain principle.  He can sense discomfort and hunger and will react.  The fetus has a potential.  When it is born into a different environment, that potential is activated. But it takes him quite some time to learn to focus his eyes.  It takes even longer for him to sense that the object looking at him is "good for me."  It takes even longer for him to SAY "mama."  This is the nature of the development of a consciousness from the perceptual to the conceptual, which is unique to human beings. A conceptual consciousness cannot begin to function until it has material to be conscious of. It cannot have access to that material until its perceptual mechanism is activated and utilized.  It cannot activate and utilize the perceptual mechanism until it is born into an environment where there is material to perceive and be conscious of. So, we say: the fetus upon being born is now in an environment that supplies him with perceptual data, which enables him to develop his conceptual consciousness.  Ergo, he is now human. You wrote: "Your argument is based on very simplistic terms . . .but it does nothing to change the facts that any   abortion   that is performed after 21 weeks is terminating a life that could very well have survived and gone on to a full, normal life and do great things."Are you saying that if a fetus is terminated before 21 weeks, that's okay. You know it won't do great things.  But if it's terminated after 21 weeks, then you know that one is killing something that might do great things?In any case, this does not deal with the most important issue: A woman's individual rights. Why should a pregnant woman do what you want her to do?  Why should her rights be violated?  Why do you advocate using force upon human beings in the name of the human?  It does not make sense.  Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights. 