#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
"Human life does not begin until the two come together."In your opinion. Regarding the war in Iraq.   http://www.cjd.org/paper/jp2war.html      http://www.americancatholic.org/news/JustWar/iraq/papalstatement.asp      http://www.foxnews.com/story/0   ,2933,80875,00.html"Just War theory because it acknowledged that under certain circumstances wars might have to be fought."Any honest reading of the Just War theory makes it clear that Iraq is an unjust war. "John Paul II stated as his own personal opinion, and expressly not as Church doctrine, that he did not believe the invasion of Iraq was justified."And you believe that your opinion of the war from a Catholic perspective is more relevant than the Pope's? How does one distinguish the Pope's personal opinions from those that are binding? What makes them substantially different?Let's throw out another comparison. Can a Catholic vote for a politician that supports the death penalty? Does the Church have an official stance on the death penalty? Lastly, I don't think your comparison of 35 years of abortion to the deaths of a single war is relevant. You'd have to account for 35 years of war and more than just the deaths of a war. What about all the people that are maimed by war, all that have suffered greatly due to the war, what about all the children that were burned over their entire bodies from napalm but did not die. I'm trying to understand the value of life from a Catholic perspective. Can you explain the way the heirarchy of sin is determined? "Reasonable people could disagree as to when those circumstances existed, and Catholics have disagreed about the Iraq War. "Isn't it also possible that reasonable people can disagree about when a life is a human life? clearly your statement about quickening reveals that the Church saw life before quickening as less than life after quickening! Let's do a hypothetical. A building is on fire and you rush in to save anyone inside. At one end is an 8 year old girl and at the other end are 10 fertilized eggs (it's a fertility clinic). You only have time to save one or the other, do you save the girl or the 10 fertilized eggs?In my mind it's clear that the eggs are not equivalent to the 8 year old girl