#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
Mr. O'Brien appears to be attempting to muddle the definition of 'infallible teaching'.  Church teachings are declared in one of three ways:Papal 'ex cathedra' statements  -  Except for the errors stating that the declaration of infallibility itself was proclaimed via this method and the implication that it is the sole source of infallible teaching, Mr. O'Brien's characterization of this particular source of the deposit of faith is correct.  (The dogma of papal infallibility was declared via the Extraordinary Universal Magisterium, specifically from the First Vatican Ecumenical Council - 1870.)Extraordinary Universal Magisterium - Bishops united with the Pope at an Ecumenical Council.  An infallible example here would be the dogma of Christ's Divinity.  (First Nicea Council Ð 325)Ordinary Universal Magisterium Ð Bishops dispersed throughout the world and united with the Pope being in agreement on one judgment or position to be definitively held.  An infallible example here would be the reality of angels and demons as creatures of intellect and will.Mr. O'Brien's assertion of a doctrine of primacy of personal conscience also selectively cites a partial portion of the Church teaching regarding conscience.  Consider also paragraph 1783 of the Catechism which includes:ÒThe education of conscience is indispensable for human beings who are subjected to negative influences and tempted by sin to prefer their own judgment and to reject authoritative teachings.ÓAlthough the Magisterium has a plethora of statements that are definitive authoritative teachings of the Church doctrine regarding the grave sin of abortion, perhaps the most succinct is from Pope John Paul II in Evangelium Vitae who quotes Vatican II documents Lumen Gentium & Gaudium et Spes as well as Pope Paul VI's Humanae Vitae:ÒBy the authority which Christ conferred upon Peter and his successors, in communion with the bishops Ð who on various occasions have condemned abortion and who in the aforementioned consultation, albeit dispersed throughout the world, have shown unanimous agreement concerning this doctrine Ð I declare that direct abortion, that is, abortion willed as an end or as a means, always constitutes a grave moral disorder, since it is the deliberate killing of an innocent human being.  This doctrine is based upon the natural law and upon the written Word of God, is transmitted by the Church's tradition and taught by the ordinary and universal magisterium.Ó