#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Late term abortions are the exception not the norm.  The majority of abortions are performed in the first trimester and you'd need a microscope to see the results of that.  Those pictures that you speak of are over 40 years old.  Many of these were performed in places outside of the US where they didn't have more sophisticated medical means of termination.  Late term abortions are only done if the mother's health is at stake. In other words, she's at risk of imminent death or in some cases if the fetus won't survive birth and it puts the woman at risk.  Again, you don't believe in   abortion   don't have one.  What other women do in their decision making is none of your business and you have no right to make those decisions for them.   To you it's unethical and you consider it murder. To the majority of us, we consider it a health issue and a privacy issue.  I wouldn't support a country that forces a woman to have an abortion against her will anymore than I would support a nation that forces a woman to give birth against her will.  It's a privacy issue.  Unless you are willing to pony up more tax dollars to help support these 1.2 million more births I'd suggest you should stop passing judgment on the decisions of those 1.2 million women who have to make difficult choices regarding their lives.  Until the fetus is able to breath on it's own, it's still considered part of the woman's body.  It's stupid and selfish to force a million more children to be born into poverty and suffering when you continue to ignore the one's here who need help.  You'll never find enough people to adopt a million children per year every year.  Besides, not every woman would want to put them up for adoption. If women were making a living wage, had affordable health insurance, housing, affordable childcare, you'd be surprised at how many fewer abortions were done every year.  Why not but more of your time and energy into those problems and help get those put into place instead of browbeating women over their private decisions?  