#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
Sylvia,So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think?  You ought to be more careful as it’s a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do.Your argument is defining the differences between a ‘human person’ and a ‘human being’. A human person is a human being that is now interacting with its environment. It has a name, a personality, behavioral patterns, likes and dislikes, skills, etc. A human person is one you can touch and see and feel. A human being is a human person who hasn’t yet had the chance to establish themselves. It is a biological entity that has yet to develop into a 'person'. Physiologically speaking, there is no difference. Placing a fetus in an environment that gives it more external stimulation to respond to does not make it any more human than if it stayed in the womb. By your definition, if a doctor removes a 28 week old fetus from the womb and places it in a nursery it is now a human. However, if a baby is born naturally and immediately placed inside an empty, dark, windowless room it is still not human as it’s not interacting, learning and evolving from its environment. That’s just silly. A fetus can not control the environment it’s in nor should it be judged human or not by it’s location. An unborn fetus has just as much ability to learn and interpret from its environment as one that has been born; they just reside in different environments.Regardless of whether we will agree on this point or not, if you read at the link I provided you will see that fetuses in the womb are in fact very active and reacting to their surroundings. They respond to touch, to sound and even to light. They are human beings who just happen to be living in the protective cover of their mother’s womb, but whether in the womb or out, they are physically the same.You asked: “Are you saying that if a fetus is terminated before 21 weeks, that's okay. You know it won't do great things. But if it's terminated after 21 weeks, then you know that one is killing something that might do great things?”I use 21 weeks as a reference because that’s the point in a fetus’s development that it begins to stand a chance of surviving outside the womb. My position, as stated from the start, is one of compromise; a woman should have the right to decide whether she wants to be pregnant or not and be able to terminate the pregnancy if that’s her choice. However, at some point the embryo/fetus developing inside her reaches a point where they are considered viable, and from that point forward I prefer to protect their right to live. I would prefer never having to take a life, so no, it’s not okay with me to abort fetuses less than 21 weeks. However, I do understand the need for allowing abortions, hence a solution based on compromise. But just remember, every great human who has ever lived was, at some point and time, a fetus less than 21 weeks into development. You prefer to frame   abortion   as nothing more than a woman’s individual rights but in doing so you trivialize the human life growing within her. It’s obvious to me that this is why so many people who favor unrestricted abortion rights spend so much time arguing that the unborn fetus isn’t a human life. However, by all scientific definitions it is a human life and at some point its right to live should supersede a woman’s right to abort it.You wrote: “Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights.” But what you’re really saying is “Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights, including the right to kill another human being”. 