#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=yes
#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
While it may technically be alive from the moment of conception, it is irrelevant. I doubt you think life itself is sacred and should never be killed, because, and this may be an unreasonable assumption, you've probably washed your hands before and killed thousands of bacteria. I think human life is important, not sacred, but important. And some human lives are more important than others. Given the choice between saving a young, healthy child, and an old dying man, I would have to choose the child. The fact of that matter is that for most of the pregnancy, the fetus is not really a human. For a long time it is essentially just a ball of cells. It takes many months for it to be organized to the point where it truly is a human. The reason that I think abortion should be legal, especially in the case of rape, is that I believe that the choice of the mother, the health of the mother, and the happiness of the mother are more important than the right to live of a little ball of cells. That's all this decision is, a balance of rights.Here are all the rights doing battle: The right of the mother to choose what happens to her body, the right of the mother to be healthy because pregnancies can be dangerous, the right of the mother to not have to go through the emotional stress of giving birth and having a child, and the right of the baby to live. I will agree that at a certain point in time, the right of the baby to live supersedes the mother's rights. I don't believe it is okay to kill your child the day before it would be born, it can live and think on it's own, it is a human. But for about the first two trimesters, it isn't even aware of it's own existence and it is a very simple organism totally incapable of homeostasis and during this time period, the mother's rights are more important. If you think that the rights of a ball of a few dozen cells are more important than the right of a living adult to happiness, health, and choice, then you can have your opinion and I can have mine, no one is wrong or right. I just hope you can understand that when you say no abortion at any time under any circumstances, you are saying that the rights of a tiny clump of cells are greater than the rights of a fully grown, fully sentient human.