#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Adam,-I don't trust my community to make decisions about my self defense any more than I trust them to make decisions about how I should raise my   kids  . And I live in Tennessee, which is a fairly gun friendly state, despite or non gun friendly governor. The community has no right to make decisions that directly affect my personal safety just so they can feel safer.-Protecting yourself may not be a duty, but I don't see how you could argue that protecting your family is. I, however, consider protecting myself a duty, as I am the provider for my family. But I certainly won't tell you that it is your duty. I'm out of your life. All I'm asking is that you get out of mine.-You may disagree that gun restrictions only have negative effects, but there is ample evidence that they do NOT have the positive effects that the   gun control   lobby suggests they will. There is also pretty solid evidence that less restrictions for   law  -abiding citizens have a positive effect. ---For example, Washington D.C. implemented their gun ban in 1976, and between 1976 and 1991, the   homicide   rate there rose 200% while the rest of the country saw only a 12% increase. ---In "More Guns, Less Crime" John Lott showed that concealed carry laws accounted for 8.5% decrease in the   murder   rate, a 5% decrease in rape, and 7% decrease in assaults.-I really don't see why   gun rights   represent the freedom to threaten terrible violence. Remember that when we talk about gun rights we are only speaking of those who should have   guns   in the first place. No organization, pro or anti-gun, advocates more guns in the hands of criminals. That's just ludicrous. It's illegal now, and it will continue to be illegal. ---In addition, if you take a look at statistics, you will find that carry permit holders in the U.S. are among the most law-abiding citizens in the U.S. Very, very rarely do the "display" their guns when in public. The majority of permit holders carry concealed for myriad reasons. Among them is respect for those that are less familiar or scared of guns, to avoid any type of elevated tensions.---Gun ownership may not help your sense of security, but to be blunt, that's just tough. I'm not asking you to carry a gun, or to even own one and keep it locked in a safe. And the truth of the matter is, if you don't live in one of the two states that completely prohibit you from carrying a gun, you have unknowingly stood in line behind a person carrying a gun. You have sat across from them at a restaurant. You have bumped into them walking down the street. Is it your experience that gun owners just take their guns out and wave them around for everyone to see? Of course not. That's because we take the responsibility of gun ownership very seriously. We, as a whole, are more versed in   gun laws   than the general population because we have to be constantly aware of where and when we can and cannot carry. We, as a whole, are better trained and more practiced than many (not all, of course) law enforcement agents. And there are PLENTY of quotes from the Brady Campaign that show that they seek to ban all   firearms   eventually, in a phased approach.-What about ideologically-driven insiders? As of now, the   supreme court   has ruled that I have a right to carry a firearm, as long as I am not a convicted criminal, etc. But the state of Illinois says I don't have that right. And they say it because they are ideologically-driven, not fact driven. There are no studies that show a correlation between gun control and a decrease in   crime  , so what other motivation can they have besides ideology? 