#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
Current Black Market law only requires that cash be paid upfront on any purchase, including guns.  Criminals, terrorists, and mentally ill individuals can buy military grade, as opposed to "style," as in, military looking, weapons, in amounts limited only by the amount of cash they have.  This law doesn't show much sign of changing.  Laws requiring background checks and such will drive those killers, and their funds, to the black market, allowing it to expand, rather than allowing growth in the legal economy.  This will increase the power and standing of illegal organizations and increase the amount and variety of goods available.  It's a terrible idea.  It does, however, have a convenient side effect.  It gives the Federal government a list of all legal gun owners in the event that it should ever confiscate all guns.As far as "temporarily insane," untrained teenage lunatics wandering around shooting people, we aren't saying that all students should be allowed to concealed carry at all.  The permit for concealed carry is actually pretty tough to get, requiring actual classes be completed and passed, criminal background checks, etc.  All of that is fine for a concealed carry permit, as opposed to actual ownership, because criminals even though criminals won't bother with the permit, idiots will, and those who would engage in drunken gunfights would be weeded out.  Even tougher permits could be required for concealed carry on campus.  As far as arming teachers, why shouldn't a teacher have the right to defend him/herself?  I don't know the South Africa case, but I'm sure the tension in the classroom had to be pretty high for a teacher to believe a student was pulling a gun out.  Someone who had taken classes to get a concealed carry on campus permit would have known to tell him to freeze and put his hands up before firing.  The gun is for last chance situations, for example if the firearm is being brandished or fired.  You also make the absurd assumption that parents wouldn't want to send their children to a school that gives them the ability to defend themselves, as opposed to sitting helplessly awaiting execution, in the event of an emergency.  That could easily be put to the test.  Give schools the choice to allow or disallow concealed carry, and see which schools attract students and which do not.In your final agrument, you make a feeble attempt to justify a confiscation list, that would allow the government to remove the citizenry's last defense against tyranny.