#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
You brought up a lot of points so I am going to try and discuss each one separately and in order.First of all the Supreme Court decided that the second amendment is an individual right after looking at what the founding fathers wrote in letters, memos, etc.. at the time not to mention the state constitutions that were written at the time. Is it crappy language? Possibly but since the militia is any citizen from 17-45 that includes most everyone anyways so I am not going to say anything else about that.You can purchase a firearm from any person legally able to own a firearm at any time gun shows have nothing to do with it. Also you have to be residents of the same state to make a private purchase of a firearm. So leave the gun shows out of it all the vendors selling there are federally licensed and bound by law to do background checks. Guns in a home are not more likely to injure or kill another person in the home the USDOJ estimates guns are used 2.5 million times a year to prevent a violent crime. since there are only about 1000 accidental deaths a year caused by firearms I fail to see how that correlates to being more likely to get injured or die. Gun owners must know something they have a better shooting record than cops according to the Journal of Quantitative Criminology. This limits it down to concealed weapon permit holders but according to all of the ones I have met all permit holders are gun guys who practice a lot but not all cops I have met are gun guys and some have admitted to only going to the range once a year to qualify. As for the rest of your discussion I agree completely that the biggest problem in the US is the perception of firearms specially the problem with how they are portrayed in the media. I think that a firearms education class would be a wonderful idea and it wouldn't be to hard to teach along side sex-ed(since most kids go through that about then, well at least I did). I am aware that shooting tests are not required to purchase a gun that would completely overload the system and probably make the class so short it would be pointless, but most states do require a class with a shooting test to get your concealed weapons permit. I doubt asking questions would get you anywhere people would just lie that's human nature. But I completely agree with the education part that is why I am getting my instructor certification this summer and I attempt to take as many people out to the range as possible to teach them about firearms and the safe ways to handle them. As for your statement that handguns are cowardly I wholly resent that remark. It is your choice to say you will never own or carry one but to say those that do are cowardly is crossing the line. So that makes every cop in America a coward because they carry a handgun. I admit I carry a handgun on a daily basis because I accept the responsibility for my personal safety I don't leave it up to someone else and I also accept the fact that bad things can happen. I also carry because I will do anything and everything in my power to protect those that I love so why not be able to carry and use the best weapon at your disposal instead of carrying something that might work(such as mace) or study a martial art for years that is completely negated when some punk walks up with a gun of his own and is out of arms reach(right now I know you are saying "you wouldn't have time to draw or drawing a gun on a drawn gun is stupid which is very true but if you see the attacker coming and you cant get away then you have time to draw and yes I have drawn my handgun in self defense against an attempted car jacking with a knife.) So all in all I really wish we could better educated the kids in this country about firearms but sadly instead of taking a proactive approach the politicians decide to attempt to ban them instead, which you said yourself wont work not to mention its been proven not to work in several countries including England and Australia. 