#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
hundreds of   drunk   post-  teens  , showing off for their peers and trying to impress members of the opposite sex.I can see it now....20 year old boys shooting beer cans off each other's heads, not paying attention to everything that is BEHIND the target.Girls fighting over hot boys. Boys fighting over hot girls.Students will shoot strangers that they THINK MIGHT be the person that stole their cellphones and laptops.People will shoot each other for dumb reasons like gropings, car accidents, not helping someone cheat, gossiping, pranks, namecalling, and fights.Students would use their   guns   to intimidate each other, bully each other, and commit crimes, like rapes, robberies, assualts, kidnappings, and murders. Let's not forget about all of the bullet holes everywhere. Who will pay for the damage to cars, buildings, windows, furniture, and other private property?Having a bunch of guns legally on   campus   would just mean that when a psycho DOES start shooting, EVERYONE will start to shoot EVERYONE ELSE, because they think that THAT person, and THAT person, and THAT person are the shooters since THEY HAVE A GUN!!!Someone is going to take their new gun out to show it to their friends, and they'll get shot, because they're waving a gun around.People will accidentally shoot each other, because when they pull the trigger, they will believe that the gun is empty or that the safety is on. Guns in backpacks will go off because the safety is not on.If students have guns then they are going to want to practice their aiming skills. That means building a gun shooting range, or allowing students to make their own targets and practice in an unsafe   environment  , which some will unfortunately do regardless of whether a safe facility is provided for them.Having hundreds of guns on campus, means listening to gunshots at all hours of the day and night. In addition to the annoyance of hearing gunshots, people would become desensitized to the presence of guns and sound of gunshots. Becoming desensitized to the sound of gunshots means that people would ignore them, and thus when a psycho started firing, people would under-react. (In my highschool, the fire alarm would go off at least five times a month because of faulty wiring. In the four years that I attended, I learned to ignore the fire alarm since there was NEVER a real fire. When fire drills were performed, a staff member would have to go on the speaker, and say that "this is a practice   drill  , please evacuate," because otherwise people wouldn't get out of their desks. If there ever was a real fire, no one would respond promptly and there would be a delay of several minutes before people started to evacuate the building.)If teachers,   parents  , and students, feel that guns MUST me present at   schools   in order to ensure the peace, safety, and securtiy of their staff and students, then the TEACHERS should carry guns.I WOULD NEVER GO TO A COLLEGE THAT ALLOWED ITS STUDENTS TO HAVE GUNS, because I wouldn't feel SAFE.I reccommend that people watch this YouTube video. It is a fan-made video that uses scenes from the show "Trigun", about and set to the song "Let There Be Guns", which is also known as "Wouldn't It Be Great If Everybody Had A Gun?" The song is by Arrogant Worms.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCtD3OJ-_Es  Episode#3 of Trigun is suppossed to show both sides of the gun argument - that murderous gangs would develop and that people would use guns to defend themselves.