#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Let me go point by point:- The "inconclusive" description in the first cited CDC study is in regards to their ability to from a conclusion either way (proving gun control works or proving it doesn't work). You need to look at the full sentence which I've edited for brevity by removing studies' names:"On the basis of national law assessments (...), international comparisons (..), and index studies (..), available evidence was insufficient to determine whether the degree of firearms regulation was associated with decreased (or increased) violence. The findings were inconsistent and most studies were methodologically inadequate to allow conclusions about causal effects." If gun ownership was such a clear deterrent to crime and benefit to society, how could any of these non-partisan studies be inconsistent or nonconclusive? It's not from a lack of looking or research. If there's any reasonable doubt, you should err on the side of safety and take guns off the streets. The results in terms of gun deaths, homicide rates and other measures of gun-related violence in other developed countries with gun restrictions seems to prove conclusively that gun control keeps citizens safer and does not enable criminals to go on an armed rampage unchecked by helpless civilians (Penn and Teller's academic research not withstanding. As an aside I think they are hilarious paid good money to see them in Vegas and would gladly do so again).- 65% use of guns in school homicides still sounds amazingly high to me. Why not target that going to zero?- I appreciate the primer on ballistics. I'm not sure you'll ever convince me that civilian guns have been watered down so as to be "acceptably" dangerous when shot. Assault rifles, if only used to shoot animals and targets, and never modified to become fully automatic, would be of no threat to anyone. But in reality they are not. Some get modified and some get used to kill multiple people. What's the sporting benefit that outweighs this risk? Why not use a hunting rifle with a 5 or even 7 bullet clip? And why on earth is a .50 calibre sniper's rifle even an option for a civilian to purchase?- See many European countries as evidence for the lack of actual black market results when gun ownership is restricted. Prohibition was a curtailment of a personal choice that did not involve the killing of innocent bystanders and enablement of deranged people to go on killing sprees. The majority of people voted to repeal it. The majority of people today would vote to get guns off the street. It's the concentrated lobbying power of the minority of people that own guns that keep the laws as is.- My brother keeps a loaded 9mm Glock in his house with no trigger lock and in an unlocked lock box (lost the key). His rationale is that if he needs to use it, he needs to get to it quickly. The risk of his 3 year old getting access to it doesn't seem to concern him as much. He is one of many, many "real gun owners" who prove that all of the NRA preaching about personal responsibility, education and screening really don't work. As this study shows:    http://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles/165476.pdf    most gun owners don't observe the safety rules they were trained on, and a significant number were never even trained.So unfortunately a few bad apples (gun owners who kill people) do spoil the bunch. It's not worth the risk of death to everyone (children, students, bystanders, victims) to enable gun enthusiasts to keep most of their guns and the inconclusive crime deterrent effects they may provide. I think we could all live with a system that makes gun ownership a significant burden to achieve, costly to maintain and restricted to a very narrow collection of hunting rifles. It would still enable the right to bear arms, but not make it so easy to enable so many deaths and injuries.