#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Thanks for your reply, SidAirfoil. Having considered your answers, I had a couple of ideas come to mind for your consideration.You said that American's distrust stemmed from a 'careful' reading of history, but I wondered if 'particular' would be a more accurate word, because it seems (to me) that the American attitude to government comes with a set of implicit assumptions attached that may serve to hinder neutral analysis. Specifically, it seem to me that there is an anarchistic assumption at work that attaches a negative value to all forms of government (ie. all governments are bad/government is a necessary evil) and rankles at the imposition of rules on the individual by the state. If you begin with this sort of assumption, it is hardly surprising that American's are distrustful of their government.  My theory (and feel free to disagree) is that a good deal of this distrust stems from the American cultural narrative of the 'rebellious colony that fought for freedom from tyranny', and which views any form of government with great suspicion irrespective of whether that government is malignant or benign. I guess what I am saying is that it seems that the notion of 'government as the enemy' was relevant at the time of the American revolution and the drafting of the US Constitution, but that the distrust of government that was relevant then has become part of the American cultural narrative. It has subsequently been transfered down through generations to the point where it has become an almost irrefutable 'truth' asserted with almost religious conviction, long past the point where the situations that precipitated its invention have ceased to apply.Regarding the value of constitutional republics and their ability to prevent tyranny, I think it is worth considering the effect that time has on entrenching institutional norms and preventing divergence from those norms. To put it more succinctly, the system dictates the behaviour of those acting within the system to a significant degree. In the context of government, each person knows (more or less) what their role is, what the limits of their power are, and that someone is (presumably) watching what they are doing and will intervene if they step out of line. Occassionally, some try to outwit the system, but most of them fail. In the cases where they succeed, it has more to do with the size and awkwardness of the bureaucracy than actual institutional weakness. What I mean here is that it does not automatically follow that the unstable political   conditions   that precipitated the American revolution are still relevant in the present day, where the institutions and practices of democratic government are deeply entrenched. I take your point about the price of a free   society  , but I suspect that your definition of 'free' might differ significantly from mine. Personally, I see the freedom from the danger of random gunfire to be a more immediately useful freedom than the right to have a gun to fight against hypothetical political oppression. The point I am trying to tease out here is that maybe the concerns that provide the basis for the Second Amendment are no longer (as) applicable, and that you are arming yourselves against (and paying the price for) a threat that is largely illusory. Ultimately of course, its a matter that Americans must decide for themselves, but as an observer I can't help but think that the price you pay as a society for your particular brand of freedom seems awfully steep.Finally, one more question if you don't mind. Having considered your comments about freedom and the extent to which government intervention into the affairs of the individual can be tolerated, how do Americans understand their relationship to the social contract? I ask this because Americans seem to tolerate far less 'government interference' in their lives than people in other societies, so I wonder how American's reconcile their individualism with the practical need for social cohesion.