#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Of course   guns   don't make you safer by just owning one. No reasonable person would state that. For example, I wouldn't feel safe around you if you had 1,000 guns lying around you. I would actually run screaming. But that's a different story."Guns are not magical things that appear when you need them and tell you the future."Wow, great imagined argument. I guess next you're going to tell me elephants don't fly. Thanks for the news flash, Kronkite."Your dogs barking ARE a great deal of protection,"No, they are not. I ignore my dogs' barking completely. Can you please explain to me how they are then protecting me? Birds chirp in my neighborhood, too. And I pretty much ignore them too. Are they protecting me too?"You're missing the point that without warning - a gun is just another item that is laying around. About as useful as a shoe horn if you have no way of getting to it BEFORE you need it."Again, what if? What if I do have my gun when it is needed? Am I less safe, or more safe? I know, less."What happens if Tom had accidentally left that back pack on a bus?"What if? What if? What if? What if this story was made up? Even though it's not, and I have no proof whatsoever that it is. Well, what if? "Of course you're going to say "Having a gun saved ten peoples lives!!!" Yea, because it did. Just because you imagined that this might be made up doesn't   change   the fact that it did. And all of your questions about why was he carrying a loaded gun, and why wasn't the alleged rapist using both his hands, and what if, and why and who, and where don't change a thing. It happened. It made those people safer, and you just can't stand it. Well I sure hate it for ya."Nor does fear of death rule my life so completely that I ignore what common sense (which isn't exactly common) says and the rules of safety and carry my weapons around with me in a backpack."Like you said, you don't have all the facts. Is it not possible that maybe, just MAYBE, he had been carrying it in a holster on his hip while carrying his backpack, and upon arriving at the apartment where none of this ever happened, placed the gun into his backpack? I sometimes do something like that. Is it not possible that in a country of 360,000,000+ people, that two people might do something vaguely similar? And as for fear of death ruling one's life: once again, I refer you to the seat belt example. No, I am not comparing a seat belt to a gun. Thanks again for inventing that little factoid. But an irrational fear of death doesn't have to rule over you to know that it's a good idea to wear a seat belt. You don't wear it for the 99.9% of the time you arrive at your destination without incident. You wear it for that one time - just one - where you don't. It only takes once. And wearing a seat belt - or having a gun - at that one time, MIGHT be the difference between life and death. And if you come out on the other side alive, the seat belt, or the gun, just made you safer.