#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Against
#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
"Guns are needed for self defense." Ive heard this so many times reading peoples pro-gun-rights stories, so to start of this argument against such a childish idea, let me give you a real and recent example. Saturday, October 10, 2009,Associated Press"Right now everything points to a tragic accident," Police Chief Kevin Brunelle told The Associated Press, adding investigators were awaiting forensic results.John Tabutt, 62, told investigators he got his gun when he thought he heard an intruder, then fired at a figure in the hallway, according to Brunelle. It was Tabutt's live-in fiancee, 62-year-old Nancy Dinsmore, who family members say he was going to marry Saturday. Tabutt told authorities he thought she was next to him in bed the whole time." - At this time please click the link at the bottom of this page and view the news video of the tragic 911 call. If you dont want to view the video, dont bother reading this. - Its traumatic accidents like that, that prove why using guns for defense, is dangerous no matter what. If that man had just tased the "intruder" they could still be alive and happily married. Some people may call this a one time accident, but people think of guns almost by default as necessary to self-defense. Infact all of the people "for" gun-rights used that idea and phrased it as the only way. But in no way is something as deadly as that gun, the only way. Our school is a gun free environment, or better phrased, has gun control. Do students feel safe? Yes, because guns are not allowed so the fear of being shot is alot less. Could a gun be entered into a school? Yes but if it was fired, we have designated lockdown drills we have practiced and one schools shooting kills lots less then if we were to have guns everyday.Think of america as an environment with guns available everyday. Imagine how many lives would be taken due to anger or other temporary emotional disabilities. We cant keep amusing the worst of everyone around us. "They have guns, so we need guns as well to protect ourselves." Two wrongs like in that statement do not make a right. If everyone had gun control, wed have a "school" type of environment and while "schools shootings" or gun use in a gun-controlled setting would still occur, its much, much less then if we were all having guns on ourselves as "Defense". We have come to a time when technology and idealisms are advancing, so should our policy on gun control. Self defense should just keep one safe, not kill off other humans. Innocent ones like a wife to be, or a robber who is just down on his luck. They are fellow humans, we shouldn't even get the change to flick and finger and fire a bullet at them. Especially when something as common as pepper spray and your pet rottweiler could keep you safer.