#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Can you please provide a credible study that shows that more people are killed by   legal   gun owners than are killed by criminals using   guns  ? And how many instances of innocent bystanders being injured or killed by someone using their gun legally in the defense of their lives or the lives of their loved ones, especially when compared to those same situations where no innocent bystanders were injured or killed?Also, can you find a study that shows that   law  -abiding carry permit holders commit crimes at anywhere near the rate of the general population? I can only find statistics that show that permit holders are at least 100 times less likely to commit violent crimes, including those with guns.And if   gun control   is a   crime   and safety issue, then why does the anti-gun agenda continuously ignore credible statistics (not from the NRA) that show that gun control does not lead to a decline in violent crime? In fact, FBI statistics show a tendency in the opposite direction. Despite hundreds of federal and state laws, criminals continue to find ways to get guns. But you want me to give mine up so that only the criminals can be armed? I think I'll pass, thank you very much. Can you also provide the questions that were asked that pointed to the "fact" that the majority of Americans do not want guns on our streets? My guess is the question had nothing to do with legal gun ownership by law-abiding citizens who were subjected to background checks, state-mandated training, and hundreds of dollars in fees to obtain a legal carry permit."No matter how many malls, schools, churches and public gatherings get attacked by gun wielding maniacs..."Gun wielding maniacs is right. There are approximately 1.5 million defensive uses of   firearms   every year. There are a couple of mass killings per year by "gun wielding maniacs." And these gun wielding maniacs will acquire their guns legally or illegally, whether you strip me of my right or not. But I should be left completely defenseless? I can't see a sane argument for that. 