#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
But respectfully, I'm not sure what your point is. Yes, domestic disputes result in shootings in this country. Yes, many victims know their assailant. But 90% of all violent crimes in the U.S. do not involve a firearm of any type (BATFE, 1999). And of the homicides that involve   guns  , 94.4% are gang related (Homicide trends in the United States, Bureau of Justice Statistics, January 17 2007). "Other common scenarios? Teen in the house knows where the gun is, gets it out, uses it for his/her means of 'problem solving'" Can you please quantify what you mean by "common scenarios"? If by "common" you mean less than .1% of all firearm deaths, 25% of which are suicides, then yes, that is a common scenario (CDC WISQARS Injury Mortality Reports, 1981-1998). Most states don't require you to register your guns period, so I'm not sure what relevance your statement about that has. I know a lady who, on April 2 of this year watched her husband get gunned down right in front of her. The attacker shot him in the back of the head, then shot his dead body five more times. It took him so long to get out his weapon, then to wrestle his arm free from two men that attempted to stop him that if she had been allowed to carry a gun in restaurants in this state (a condition that was remedied as of July 14th) she would have been able to save his life. And as for the example of your nurse friend, that is a sad story. I'm glad that she was not killed in the incident and I hope she fully recovered from the attack. But the fact remains that over 4,000 people successfully defend themselves every day in this country with   firearms  . For every   homicide  ,   suicide  , and accidental   shooting  , 10 lives are saved through defensive use of firearms. To answer the question posed by this article, "Do guns make you safer?" ask yourself the following questions:¥ If guns are effective enough to be a criminal's preferred tool, why are they not good enough to use for protection?¥ Why do politicians insist their bodyguards be armed, but not you and I?¥ If you and your   children   were face-to-face with a male attacker twice your size, what would you do; If you weren't armed? If you were armed?¥ If guns are "too dangerous" to be in our   society  , then why do our leaders want to be the only ones who have them? Do you trust our leaders implicitly to protect you at all times?¥ Which is better Ð more   gun control   and the eventual banning of all guns in our society, or not sitting by helplessly watching as an intruder repeatedly rapes your 13-year-old daughter?¥ If we ever completely ban guns, do you think there would be no more armed criminals in America?¥ With so many   gun laws   already on the books, why do "gun crimes" still exist?  http://www.gunfacts.info/pdfs/gun-facts/5.1  /gun-facts-5.1-screen.pdfSeriously. Take a minute to really ponder those questions. If you do, and you go out and talk to people who own guns and have used them in defense of their lives you will come to a couple of realizations. First, guns save lives. There are too many examples of people using them to protect themselves to argue with that. Second, the vast majority of gun owners are nothing like the picture painted by the   media  . I am an active pro-gun supporter and have daily dealings with others who share a like mind. And I can tell you that they are very aware of and concerned with obeying   the law  , especially when it comes to the carry and use of their guns. Most of us know our gun laws better than the average citizen. We have to because even in states that are generally pro-gun (like Tennessee, where I live) there is a patchwork of different gun regulations and restrictions. For example, it will be   legal   as of Sept. 1 of this year to carry in our state parks, but many municipalities will be "opting out" of this   law  , banning guns in their parks. So we always have to be aware of when and where we can and can't carry. And almost all of us obey those laws to the letter. Some by locking their guns in their   cars   before entering parks and restaurants that do not allow carry, and others by just not going there in the first place. There are plenty of other places that are glad to take our   money  .Finally, for the record "a lot" does not constitute a statistic. 