#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
First off- Kudos to you for commenting on a thread 8 months later. I'm not joking either, that definitely shows your passion for your point of view. I respect that immensely and thank you for input, however much I disagree with it.With all due respect, I won't ask my classmates a damn thing, nor do I care about your suggestion of surveying them. I do not ask them about their activities, and they won't ask me about mine. So long as everyone is operating in a manner that is non damaging to other people and is   legal  , I could care less.And who grants someone the right to shoot at will? are you assuming because you have a gun you'll use it? Do you run pedestrians down with a car when your driving because the opportunity exists? that is a farce of an argument and you know it. If it were true, legal concealed carry permit holders would be committing mass homicides in droves already- and that just does not happen.and who said arm all students? where did that come from? no where. you invented that. No one is advocating arming everyone. it is not a logical conclusion to my argument or any argument I have seen presented on behalf of the pro-gun community. Arming everyone is a setup to your argument about criminals and   guns  . Its leading and you know it. I have more respect for you than that, don't try to slip that by me either- its kind of insulting.Why not let those people who are deemed capable by the state and pass the necessary background checks, classes, and other required steps to arm themselves- as they can everywhere else? that is what I'm suggesting. Your arguing fiercely, but your not arguing against my points. Your fighting points that your making up. and if all this violence would erupt as soon as guns were introduced, why hasn't that happened at the schools that allow students concealed carry? its been years since the students have been able to exercise their rights, and yet no incidents. . .your new approach isn't new. it failed in Australia, England, south Africa, Mexico, India and Germany. Your idea of getting rid of all guns is completely unrealistic and nothing more than an impossible fantasy. Your suggestion will fail as miserably as prohibition did.Self defense by the way, does not remain intact. Nor do my constitutional rights. Your right about criminals still having access to guns- and   military   grade ones. Why not disarm good citizens?  You want me to defend myself with a knife or a   taser   against criminals with long guns and handguns? Really? thats your idea of adequate self defense?Citizens are not going to be armed 'likewise' to the military. another made up argument on your part. You show me where citizens can buy   law   rockets, grenades, claymores, gaos,  c4, and whatever else. If bans worked- Mexico wouldn't be having the violence they have. And I know you followed the news to know that despite what early reports said, most of those guns confiscated did NOT come from US civilian markets. The military stuff came from corrupt officials outside of America doing backdoor deals for weapons given to those countries by us for their national defense. Your suggestion does nothing to fight corruption. I do not think that the availability of guns as you describe it will ever dry up. Corrupt people in key places will always exist- as will human ingenuity. A determined person can make some really nasty weapons pretty easily with things available around the house that can kill or hurt an awful lot of people. You can't legislate away all of these things. It is impossible.lets assume your right- and reducing   gun sales   will limit criminals- then why did fatal stabbings go up in England after a gun ban, when violence across the board ALSO went up? if knives are so much less lethal, why did it kill more officers?Your willing to trade our rights and our lives for a future Utopian dream that will not, i fear, ever happen. I cannot agree with your assessment. We both want the same thing- less criminals committing acts of violence, we just disagree on how to accomplish it. I have yet to see anything that is remotely convincing to show me that guns cause higher levels of violence. Everything that seems to even begin to point that direction has imaginary statistics and completely misleading (intentionally) statements.I feel your assessment shows a lack of trust in your fellow citizens- and one I do not agree with. 