#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
Kelly,You need to do some research on the origins and the meaning of words when they were written into the Bill of Rights.  You also need to read the newspaper to keep track of current Supreme Court Decisions specifically Heller V District of Colombia where the Supreme Court decided the Second Amendment is an individual right and not reserved for the states so called militias.  Even if we didn’t have that ruling if you looked up the definition of militia in US Law you would find that it is defined as any able bodied person between 17 and 45 that can be called on in times of crises to repel invasion or enforce the laws of the United States, so we could still carry weapons even with your incorrect interpretation. Going even farther if that didn’t basically include everyone all ready and you looked into the 1770’s definition of “well regulated” you would find that it is defined as being well equipped/supplied and has nothing to do with regulations or training. You should also look into who actually carries concealed weapons because you don’t seem to understand who these people are. You would be surprised to find that it’s not usually who you think. Doctors, Lawyers, Businessmen/women, Judges, College Students, Small business owners and other upstanding members of the community all carry concealed weapons because they recognize that the world is not a perfect place and that the cops aren’t under any   legal   statute to protect any individual citizen (Warren Vs District of Colombia).  Remember to get a permit in most states you need to go through training, in all states pass a state and federal background check and be over the age of 21(also depending on the state) In the United States the ratio is close to one concealed weapon permit holder to every one hundred citizens.  All of the people I know that are concealed weapon carriers don’t want to be lone wolf one person swat teams they would rather go about their business in a peaceful manner. They recognize that it might be better to stand by and be a good witness than try and pull some heroic crap and get themselves or others killed but when need be they have come to terms with the fact that they may have to kill another human being (or animal in this case) to defend their lives or the lives of those they care about. So sorry to burst your bubble that you believe that no   crime   can touch you but it can and those that wish to protect themselves are the only ones you are trying to hurt. The verbiage used in the previous comment is absolutely correct, the 2nd Amendment was written to keep the citizens of the United States free of Tyranny from any government including our own according to the Supreme Court and founding fathers. So please before telling someone else they are wrong or made something up do some research and then come debate, we will be more than happy to discuss any other issues you see with this piece of legislation that finally gives citizens the legal standing to uphold a right we already had.  Louis