#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
So it's OK to defend my home with a rifle or a shotgun, but not a handgun? So my 30.06 rifle, which when fired at an intruder would likely go through him, a couple of walls and possibly one of my   children   is a more sensible choice for personal defense than a .40 caliber handgun with jacketed hollow points that are designed not to go through a person? Not to mention the fact that rifles and shotguns require two hands to shoot and I might need one of those hands or may sustain an injury to one of my hands. So how exactly is a rifle or shotgun a better choice again? How does it make more sense?The fact is you are basing your opinion on possibly fear and definitely ignorance of handguns and the tactics involved with their use. They are without a doubt the best defense against a violent attacker for the very same reason they are the number one choice of them. They are small, easy to operate, lightweight, and can fire several rounds in succession with the need to cycle the action to load another round. If you fire at a criminal and miss with a shotgun or rifle and have to load another round, chances are he is going to have that weapon and use it against you in no time. On the other hand, with my gun, I have 17 chances to hit that bastard before he has a chance to get my gun. And it only takes me about 1.5 seconds to load another 16 round magazine and try again - about the same amount of time it takes to chamber another round in a shotgun or bolt action rifle.And to respond to the title of your last thread: "But who wants to live in Kennesaw?" If you mean the actual town, maybe you have a point, maybe you don't. I'm sure the folks there would say the same thing about Bombay. But if you mean in a place that has a   crime   rate so low and hasn't seen a   homicide   since 1989, I think you'd find plenty that would love to live in a place like that. So what's your problem with it? Don't like living in a safe community?