#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
The statistical facts you talk about have severe flaws when trying to use them to justify more laws.  First is counting suicide as "gun violence", assuming that all those who choose a gun would not find another method if guns are not available.  (Japan...) Even if that were true, an increased risk of suicide may be a reason to try to convince people to voluntarily give up guns.  It is not sufficient justification to eliminate freedom and choice.  Second is the definition of "used in self defense".  Over 90% of the time when a law-abiding person defends with a gun, no shots are necessary.  These studies insist that the defender must shoot or kill someone before it counts as "used in self defense".  My definition of defense is quite different--If someone runs away I will let them, and consider that the best possible outcome to a bad situation.  Finally, households with convicted criminals have many times higher rates of gun violence-Not even in the same league as the law abiding.  Eliminate these people from your sample and the "violence" rates plummet. It isn't the guns causing the danger, it is the criminal behavior, including illegally possessing guns.  Adding laws that restrict the behavior of the law-abiding in order to stop criminals who are already ignoring existing laws isn't logical.  Ally in the sense of having goals in common, and rarely conflicting.  Not as in "members of the same team, working together to capture criminals".  As far as safer?   Without legal firearms criminals have a much clearer idea of who makes a good victim-Pick a small weak looking person walking alone, and a knife, or even a couple of similarly inclined associates are plenty.  Lawful guns create a shield effect, even to those not using them.  Spree shootings aren't CAUSED by "no gun" zones, they are caused by spree shooters.  Spree shootings have fewer victims when there is someone on the scene who can shoot back-In more than one case, to the point of not being large-scale despite evidence that was the intent.  In most cases, that means a license holder.  Spree shooters realize this, and if they have a choice of venue, they are likely to pick the one where guns are forbidden. "Arm everyone" is not what is proposed.  When states adopt objective licensing criteria, licenses seem to stabilize at roughly 2% of the population, roughly 10 years later.  All available data says that this 2% is many times more law abiding and less violent than the general population.  The idea that "most people" would rather have "everyone disarmed" flies in the face of gun ownership rates--Somewhere between 1/4 and 1/2 of American households own guns, and many who don't own guns still think that it should be allowed. What "most people" would like to see is enforcement of existing laws.  When someone fails a gun purchase background check, there is an arrest about 1% of the time--There should be a police investigation 100% of the time, and a whole lot more arrests.  