#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
Kelly,I am ignorant? You don’t even realize you are debating two different people. I never stated "The   second amendment   is not intended to defend American citizens from   hunger   or   crime  , but to protect them from the American government should that defense be required." that was the other persons statement not my own. So I never changed anything I simply added on to what was previously written BY SOMEONE ELSE. Since you took the stance that the 2nd Amendment was only for militias I wrote to counter that argument you put forth.  Which I completely agree, that was its original purpose and still very valid today. I also believe that like knives and hammers and any other tool a firearm is simply that a tool that can be used for good or bad. It is people who are evil not inanimate objects. Now you are moving completely over to the emotional side stating that the   murder   rate and death rate will increase with   firearms  . Can you back up this so called fact? Or did you just assume that is what would happen without again doing any research. How about you actually look up a few of the studies on Concealed Carry (I will leave a few at the end of this for you). Out of all the studies ever done on Concealed Carry in the US not one has shown an increase in crime or rates of death by firearms, not one. Not even the ones done by liberal slanted professors. I am not even going to bring up all the international studies which yet again show the same thing(that   guns   are not the problem) but in my opinion don’t point to a clear stance all they prove is that different countries have different socio-cultural composites that tend to affect crime rates way more than the availability of firearms. But yet again you show your ignorance of   the law   and utter lack of proper research by bringing up the whole drinking while carrying rant. This is for you and everyone else out there that is attempting to hang on to this fallacy IT IS ILLEGAL!!! I will admit that a few states allow you to drink and carry but they are the overwhelming minority and have shown your argument to be false even when   legal  . I don’t know any permit holder that would put their right to carry in jeopardy for a drink. Yes these people went through the training and background checks and paid the   money   to the state just to go have a beer and lose that right?  Yet again show me one instance where someone with a Concealed Carry Permit got drunk and did something stupid with their firearms. I do restrict this to people who have permits only and are not also   police   officers I found a few instances of officers being drunk with a gun and causing trouble but not an average citizen and officers are allowed to carry guns everywhere and are not seen as dangerous. I can’t seem to find one and I currently live in Idaho for school, where it is legal to carry into a Bar and to a certain point drink while carrying (the law is fuzzy).  It’s the same thing with the whole jealous rage ploy. It doesn’t happen now so why would carrying onto a public park change that? Do we someone become different people in National Parks and we want to kill everything?? You are just regurgitating the same pathetic ranting that was brought up ten years ago when Concealed Carry Laws where first passed even after ten years there is still no basis to this argument. Do you really believe that if that ever did happen the news would be all over that, they would be eating that up. It would be plastered on every major news station how some idiot with a permit got drunk and shot up some place and he had a permit to carry the firearm legally. Also I ask that you leave out stories with people who happen to live in a state that requires you to have a permit to own a firearm (blatantly against the 2nd I might   add  )  it is not the same thing and does not give a person a right to carry only to own.I am glad you are thinking of buying a few weapons but I do suggest going to range for the proper training first so you don’t become a danger to yourself and others like you assume everyone else to be. I also thoroughly resent your last statement I am neither an NRA member nor a criminal, you are stereotyping an entire group by the actions of a few which is a very narrow minded way to look at the world. Yet again I am placing my name at the bottom so you realize who you are debating with.LOUIS