#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
We agree on some things- violent   crime   in general in the US is higher than a lot of places- even if you remove gun violence (  murder   rate for instance) As far as developed nations go, we are fairly violent. I think that is by in large the result of our immense diversity. I forget the paper, but there was a study some time ago that suggested homogeneity in a population is less violent than a heterogeneous mix like we have here.The UK, Germany, and Austrailia all have much lower populations, much more 'similar' populations, and still suffer the effects of violence. I concede I didn't make this point clearly- but what I was getting at is that even in a situation that is far more controllable with a much lower population, I don't feel the controls your suggesting work.As for the driver thing- I agree its a crap analogy- but its one most people are familiar with. I think a better analogy was when I compared it to   alcohol   and prohibition. Though we do not have a constitutional right to alcohol like we do   guns  - if I follow your logic they are equivalent. Neither is necessary in your mind and does more harm than good.If I can make that assumption- then I have to say I don't think your style of control will work. I just feel like history more supports my argument.I was just looking at some numbers on line- and maybe we can meet in the middle.Comparing NYC to London- populations are within 1 million people of each other, with NYC being slightly larger. Police budgets are close when you switch with current exchange rates.however- London has 7x the amount of crime NYC has. (mind you the UK doesn't tally offenses committed by offenders under the age of 16). whats the big difference? NYC has 40% more cops patrolling than London. Now maybe crime is grossly under reported in NYC. I lived there for 5.5 years- and I would believe that there is some definate under reporting going on to make it look safer than it is- but I'm not sure even if you inflate the rate for NYC and deflate London for some reason that they would be close. If any of my point is to be considered let it be this: Gun control is an expensive exercise that at best strips people of rights, and at worst is an exercise in futility that does not reduce violent crime.Even if the US numbers of crimes prevented with guns is inflated- by say 50 fold, than that estimated 2 million preventions still becomes 40,000- 4x higher than the US murder rate in 2007 with guns (just over 10,000) over a nearly 700 of which, were justifiable shootings by   law     enforcement and civilians in self defense cases.I think your focusing on the violent crime rate in the US and equating that to gun crime- and they just aren't the same.I disagree with your methods, but maybe we can both agree that our   money   as tax payers, our safety as people, and our rights as citizens are best protected by something that isn't   gun control  .