#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
I've read through many of the comments, and I thought I would add my own comments to the foray.First of all, I want to establish that morality plays the primary role in this discussion. Morality issubjective. What one believes is right, and wrong. These ideas may or may not coincide with whatyou or I believe, however they deserve the chance to be voiced. Hitler was viewed as evil to themajority of the world, though he himself, and his most dedicated of followers, believed that theywere right, and the only thing to prove that they were wrong, was escalation of force. Hitler wasoverthrown during WW2 and committed suicide, the only thing that this proved was that we as partof the Allies, had the might and motivation to prove that our moral standpoint was the right one. Osama Bin Laden, believes that his actions against the U.S.A. and any supporter of our country, as  well as the majority of the countries who do not follow his beliefs, are evil. These are moralstandpoints, and really cannot be argued to totality except through escalation of force.Having stated such, I currently serve in the U.S. Army, as a soldier, I am required, and proud tobe able to defend my country, and the rights they believe in. Now, defending a person(s) orcountries "rights" is not just a defensive measure. In times of need, when required OFFENSIVEstrategies are required to ensure that a person(s) or entities "rights" are thereby preserved throughthe course of time. If we would have known beyond a reasonable doubt, that 9/11 was going tohappen, and stopped the course of events before the 9/11 tragedy occurred, would any of yousit back a say "Well they didn't pull it off, let's let bygones be bygones."? no, we would not.We would as we are today, be afraid that something like this would happen, might happen, and something worse would happen. We would be obligated to go on the offensive and our actionsare justified by the reasoning that a person intends us harm.Just by being a soldier, I am doing something that less that 1% of the total of the U.S. populationcannot, or will not do. However, against all odds, I hope and pray, that when the day comes, thata foreign entity decides that they have the audacity to invade the U.S.A., that I will have my fellowcountrymen take up whatever arms they can acquire, be it fully automatic rifles, pistols, grenades,dynamite, nitroglycerin, or C4 explosive, and help me and my comrades defend what we believeis right and just. Saying that this will never happen is like saying that 9/11 will never happen. Well,it happened, and the only thing one needs to do is take an interest in history to notice that theonly thing another country needs to invade another country is greed, envy of what another countryhas, that they want for themselves.My father was military for the majority of my adolescence. He taught me a respect for guns, andweapons of all nature. I've had, or used a weapon of some type since I was 5 years old. I am now32 years old. What would I do, if our country decided that a person did not have the "right" tokeep and bear arms? I know what I would do, I would hide my weapons against any search andseizure, and continue to keep them for purposes of protection, be it defensive or offensiveprotection. I will not ever, capitulate to any aggressive entity that will threaten the lives of my family,or myself, not the property that we have worked hard for.