#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I carry a gun, because I'm too young to be  murdered, and too old to suffer crippling injury at the hands of violent  criminals.Thus:I don't go armed, because I harbor a secret desire to kill people, any more than I wear a seat belt while driving, because I have some compulsive desire to become involved in traffic accidents!I don't carry a  gun, so that I can scare people.   I carry a gun, because the world is  a scary place!I don't carry a gun as a delusional response to  imaginary threats.  I carry a gun, so that I can deal effectively with real  threats!I don't carry a gun, because I'm evil.   I carry a gun, because  I've already seen more evil than I ever wanted to!I don't carry a  gun, because I hate government.  I carry a gun, because I've seen how  woefully limited and impotent all governments are!I don't carry a  gun, because I'm angry.  I carry a gun, so that I won't have to spend the  rest ofmy shortened life being angry with myself for being naively unprepared.I don't carry a gun, because I want to become involved  in a lethal confrontation.   I carry a gun, because I want to die of  old age, surrounded by family, in my own bed, not alone and hemorrhaging on a  dirty street.I don't carry a gun, because I'm a Cowboy.   I carry a gun  because, when I die (of old age) and go to Heaven, I want to be a Cowboy!I don't carry a gun, because it makes me feel like a man.  I carry a  gun because real men know how to take care of themselves, and the ones they  love,and do so without apology!I don't carry a gun because I'm  "inadequate."  I carry a gun,  because, when unarmed and facing three  brutish thugs, I am inadequate!I don't carry a gun, because I love  doing it.  I carry a gun, because I love life!At some point, all of us will have to wager our lives on the outcome of a single event.  There are some things worth risking everything to save; some things, without which, there will no longer be anything to live for!  At  that moment, you either step up to the plate, or slink away.  Either way,  you'll never have another chance!