#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Since when is preventing 1 out of every 100 children's death not worth legislation? Simply because gun owners have become less negligent over time doesn't mean gun ownership now justifies kids dying. The facts are that guns don't prevent crimes in the classic NRA image (a homeowner killing an intruder or a "responsible" vigilante shooting dead a perceived threatening person) at nearly the rate that children, spouses, neighbors, policemen and innocent bystanders are killed by guns. The benefit has never outweighed the costs. Only concentrated lobbying dollars has kept this fact from guiding legislation.Think of the people you know who you consider to be a little "off". Quick to fight. Quick to throw a punch. Now imagine them armed. Able to pull out a weapon and begin killing people instantly. Do you feel safer knowing they can get a gun anytime they wish?Ask any policeman - people who spend more time with guns, and the people that use them, than the vast majority of the population - if they would prefer everyone they encounter to be armed. I've never met a policeman who encouraged the population to be more armed so their jobs would be easier. I'm sure you'll find sheriffs pandering for votes in Nevada or Florida who would disagree, but actual frontline patrolmen would tell you it's a terrible idea. Fistfights become gun fights. Knife fights become gun fights. Etc.The second amendment was conceived in the 18th century by a war-weary country who had just "negotiated" their freedom using muskets and bayonets. Britain had used gun control to ensure there were no insurrections or Protestant uprisings against the crown and the Founding Fathers didn't want to see that policy enacted in the US. The NRA enjoys trotting out this logic - that somehow banning guns ensures an Orwellian state's rule over us - but today's technology and political reality shows the fallacy of this logic. One could argue that with Habeas Corpus suspended, electronic eavesdropping legalized and "secret executive powers" an unchecked privilege, the citizens of this country have never had less freedom or been less in control. Not one bullet has been fired to achieve this and no one doubts that any armed revolution would be put down quickly by the U.S. military. Gun control is a crime and safety issue - not one of political independence or "protection" from the same government the NRA insists enforce existing gun laws by prying into suspected criminals' homes to keep guns out of their possession.The NRA demonstrably puts the interests of their dues paying members (gun manufacturers and gun owners) ahead of the majority of the U.S. population who do not want guns on the streets. The concentrated benefits of their lobbying dollars outweighs the diluted interest level and attention of the average voter. No matter how many malls, schools, churches and public gatherings get attacked by gun wielding maniacs, the NRA will be there to insist that we are all better off with more guns in citizens' hands.