#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Living in a rural community, I know the benefits of owning a firearm. Where I live there are mountain lions, coyotes, vicious stray dogs, rattle snakes, and numerous other animal threats. I would rather have the comfort of having a firearm on my person or close by, than to have a knife or some sort of blunt object (Granted I have killed a rattle snake with a large rock before). In regards to protection from people same thing I feel safe knowing that I have a firearm that is readily accessible if needed. I live by a few rules when it comes to owning and using a firearm. Assume it is always loaded, do not aim it at anything you do not intend to kill, and only use it as a last resort. I do believe in gun control, but only in regards to Assault Rifles, fully automatics, and Maximum Magazine capacity. Assault rifles and fully automatics were designed with one purpose in mind, to kill people. Maximum magazine capacity, is in regards to the saying "bullets do not discriminate," the fewer rounds, the less likely to have any collateral damage. Limiting magazine capacity should be directly related to the Caliber/Gage of the fire arm. By this I mean the power behind the projectile. A 9mm has substantially less stopping power than a .357, and that less than a .45. Shotguns although they may be more powerful at close range, should be limited as little as possible. The reasoning behind this is, if all you have is a shotgun, and the person is at a distance, I would rather hit them several times, before they become within lethal range. Mainly because being peppered by a shotgun, in my opinion, would make many people think twice about coming any closer. Although I do Support owning firearms, I also do support proper storage and personal safety precautions. Such as trigger locks, Safes, and storing them unloaded. These are all good precautions because if someone breaks into your house, and your weapons are not secure they can be used against you and your family, just as easily as they can be used for protection.