#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I am curious, was it the guns that the crips/bloods have make them violent? Was it the guns that the Hells Angels possess make them violent? Are the guns the MS-13 have the reason they are so violent? Remember when skinheads just kicked the crap out of people? I wonder if their steel-toed boots suddenly make them violent? Is it just possible that it is the inherent, violent proclivity of some people the real problem. While I would agree that the act of killing and robbing may be easier when the bad guy has a gun, but if I have a gun as well (which I do) and I have some training (which I do, and I advocate training and regular practice) my chances of surviving a negative encounter with a robber or killer is greatly improved. However, my theory about the miraculous removal of all guns from private ownership would simply result in attacks by a greater force from which I could not defend i.e. more bad guys acting in concert against one person. With a firearm I am a formidable opponent; without one I am a victim and a statistic. I plan on being neither.As to the issue of common sense, I have yet to hear from the gun control group ANYTHING that even comes close to common sense when it comes to limiting my ability to defend myself and my family. I don't see any common sense in limiting me to one-gun-per-month schemes. When I lived in SoCal most gun owners took that to mean, not a limitation of one-gun-per-month, but a requirement of one-gun-per-month. Many of us purchased many more guns than we normally would have due to that limitation. This was especially true in the case of collectors of hard to find, out of production firearms. At one point I had as many as nine guns paid for but I couldn't take possession of them. I had to wait months before I could bring them home. In almost every case these guns were unsuited for anything but collecting but there was no provision in the law for that. Explain the "common-sense" in that? I'll tell you what common sense is. Common sense is educating responsible, law-abiding gun owners, the ones who buy one gun for home defense, about gun safety. Oops, the NRA does that already. So why is the NRA so demonized and vilified? As a former peace officer I fully support a person's right to own a firearm and common sense does not mean you should be able to do anything to infringe on my right and ability to defend myself and protect my family.