#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
True there are other alternatives for students the best and most powerful is situational awareness which includes paying attention to your surroundings and the people close to you. Staying out of a confrontation is always the best solution. But you must remember once you are in a confrontation to be able to use any of the solutions you advised you would have to be very very close as in within arm’s reach which could be too close. Even if you are trained in self defense you still need to be very close when the attack happens, be on steady ground with firm footing, not have anything between yourself and the attacker, and be able for a short time overpower your attacker. If you are that close you risk much more injury to yourself as much as injury to your attacker. Why is it when you draw a firearm the person would overpower and disarm you but you fail to mention that is much more likely when you have to get close as with the weapons you advised. I have taken some of these classes because the last thing I ever want to do is fire on another human being, I am well aware that a gun is not the end all solution to every problem but it is the most powerful last resort and average person can carry. Also it should be noted that pepper spray effects everyone differently and it doesn't always work. I do carry it in my car and in doing so I have been hit with it before to make sure I can still see if I ever have to deploy it close to myself and form personal experience it didn't have that much effect on me other than make me very angry and agitated not immobilized by any means. Also what makes a security officer more highly trained that an average citizen with a concealed weapons permit (cwp)? In most states the same class is required for both licenses. I would also like to know where you got the stat that average citizens are more likely to "irrationally or accidentally" shoot an innocent person when according to the GOA fact sheet(  http://gunowners.org/fs0404.htm  )only 2 percent of civilian shootings involve an innocent person being mistaken for a criminal but the error rate for police is more than 11% thats more than 5 times the civilian rate. Your possibility of "everyone carrying a gun" is also not even close to the average in shall issue states is that there is one person out of a hundred who carries a firearm for self defense. This means there might be one in your class or possibly one on your dorm hall. I would also like to know what state you live in because I don't see people getting scared when people carry concealed weapons in malls, grocery stores, restaurants, or movie theaters. Why would allowing law abiding citizens their right to carry on campuses be any different?  Also if a student is arrested twice a month as you put it they would not pass the background check necessary to obtain a cwp in most states.  