#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
Thanks for the observation, and comment.  This is somewhat off the topic of National Park carry, but related to carrying for self-defense in general.   Actually since I wrote "Please stay on topic!" back in June, I have talked to the pastor of the   church   I attend, and got permission from the church board to carry while in services. I felt the worst that could happen was they would say no, in which case I would continue to keep things as it was. They were initially suprised because I asked, but were very supportive of the idea after we talked about my reasoning and intent.  They were glad to have someone step up and ask, who would be willing to protect those, who would not, or could not defend themselves.  I do not encourage violence, and I do not look for trouble, but I am cautious and prepared to deal with problems if they occur.  They understood my concern that over the increased attacks on people in "gun free zones" AKA: Victim Preserves in the last couple years.  I even took a couple of gentlemen to the   shooting   range to assure them that I am proficient with my sidearm, and to encourage them to consider having other regular members to carry in church.  As I explained to them, I carry almost all the time, because you never know when you might need to protect yourself and others.  It's kind of like having a spare tire and insurance for your car, you hope you never need to use it, but your sure glad to have it when it's needed.   After years in the field working with unstable violent juveniles, I am conditioned to act, and not freeze like many people do.I work in a Juvenile detention center, so for obvious reasons I would not even consider carrying at work.  I do however keep my self-defense firearm locked in a small pistol safe mounted in my trunk now, for the trip to and from, as we have had periodic threats toward the facility and staff by former residents and some of their gang-banger buddies.  I believe that has actually helped me better prepare to face challenges and act in a crisis situation. 