#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
   I live just outside Sequoia National Park in California.  I regularly go for extended hikes and   fishing   in the area.  Last year, as I was hiking up the Marble Fork Creek with my 8 year old cousin, at approximately 2.5 miles in I stumbled across a fair amount of irrigation hose running from the creek.  Long story short, I immediately realized that I was in a bad place!  It was close to September, which is near harvest time.  I pulled my cousin close to me and whispered quietly that we need to turn around and quickly hike out of the area.  The growers must have seen us, because before we were 300 yards down trail we were met with 2 men at our front with rifles and shortly a man followed from behind with a revolver.  We were held at gun point for 2-3 hours and we were terrified for our lives.  To this day I am not sure why we were released, and I am not making any judgements as to if I had a firearm whether it would have made a difference or just escalated the situation?!  I do advocate the ability to carry   firearms   in the park and personally hold a CCWP, but thought that it would be interesting to share my experience with the readers on this blog.    If I HAD to guess why we were released, I think that farmers wanted no part in harming a young child.  Had I been alone, I would have had my concealed weapon on me regardless of Federal Law. (Going over in my head what I though I would have done) I BELIEVE I would have drawn my weapon at the first sign of danger, and to guess from there is futile!  My true protection that day was in the hands of a higher power!     As I camp, hike, fish, cave, climb, pack stock and such in the National Forest surrounding this area (Legal Gun Carry Zone), I wanted to give a quick list of reasons for carrying.  1) Pack   animals  , I had a horse break it's leg and had to put it down (Sad!),  2) stalked once by a mountain lion (very rare) scared it off, 3) blew a lock off a gate at the end of a remote jeep trail (put there by people to impede travel of vehicles for environmental purposes) 5.5 hour journey to return to the trail head, 4) 2 aggressive rattle snakes that I had no way of backing down to avoid, 5) Coyotes trying to attack our 5 month old puppy and drag it out to kill from our campsite.  These are only MY personal justifications. I think it is a line in a movie but so true.  A gun is a tool, and the best reason for having one is for "all of the reasons I can't think of!"  I would never be afraid of a   law   abiding citizen carrying a gun, it is those other characters that give me a bit of worry.