#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
SocialistBetty, while you are calling names, you are the one who it the idiot.  You can't see the forest for the trees.  You rant against truth and logic.  Let me explain.Why am I safer when some walks into a bank and holds it up ?   That most likely won't happen if we have a free   society   where law abiding citizens can carry   guns   without having to jump through a lot of hoops.  But it it does happen, I would be safer because I am a much better shot than the robber, and he won't know that I have a gun.  But if he thinks that there might be some people in the bank with guns and he robs it anyway, he will get what he deserves.When someone shoots you from a highway overpass?  What have you been smoking?  How many instances can you cite where someone shot a driver from a highway overpass?  I think that such a lunatic would get a gun (or a bowling ball) and try to kill or maim people whether there are   gun control   laws or not.  If someone is doing something like that, wouldn't you prefer that I (a law abiding citizen) have a gun to stop this dangerous activity?Middle of dinner?  Ha!  If someone broke into my home in the middle of dinner he/she/it would be swiss cheese in short order.  It would be pretty messy but it wouldn't disturb my dinner.  Ha, it's funny to just think about it.  I can't believe you asked such a stupid question.I don't have a six shooter.  THAT's archaic.  I have much better guns than that.  YES - guns make society safer.  If   gun laws   prohibit gun ownership/possession, then only criminals will have guns. If criminals think someone in their house has a gun, they will try for an easier target.  Just look at the examples of England and Australia.  Their   crime   statistics have DOUBLED since they made their country "safer" by severly restricting gun ownership by civilians.  The criminals still have their guns.  That's why they are criminals.  I'll still have mine.  How about you?  If someone breaks into your home in the middle of the night, how are you going to defend yourself?  With a spoon?  Or a broom?  Or are you going to call 911 and cower in a corner waiting for the intruder to find you and KILL you?  I find it hard to believe that people like you can be so illogical.  Defend yourself!  The cops certainly won't do it for you.