#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
I seriously despise your remark about "putting on camo and watching nascar". Your shear ignorance about who in this country actually owns firearms negated the rest of your argument. The right to keep and bear arms is an individual right the supreme court decided that after reviewing countless records from the founding fathers and arguments from both sides. That's correct it is an INDIVIDUAL right so give up on this militia crap. Not to mention it doesn't even matter considering a militia is any able bodied citizen that volunteers to execute laws of the union, suppress insurrection, and repel invasion. Just in case you got confused execute laws of the Union is defined as the Constitution. Also I believe it was Thomas Jefferson who said "For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security."In today's age it is very possible for a militia to go up against a well armed and equipped fighting force, Vietnam was a great example but since they had help from big brother China I will just use the Taliban and Al-Queda they seem to be doing fairly well over in Afghanistan first against the Russians and now against us. Don't for a minute assume that all we care about is the second amendment I vehemently oppose any legislation that goes against any of the bill of rights. Just remember in the long run it is the 2nd amendment that keeps the other 9 safe from serious oppression. Does it happen that our rights are invaded, sure various laws have been passed that does and I have opposed and voted against any legislator that tries to infringe on my rights as a law abiding citizen. But I fail to see where international law and treaties tie into this I don't recall an amendment that states that we have to respect every treaty and law ever written and signed internationally. Keep this discussion at least close to on topic and stick with the problems within our own borders, deal with all the international stuff on another thread. 