#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Mass shooting events in the United States have been blamed on the availability of guns. But sudden violence happens around the world. This demonstrates guns are not the  cause of violence. In Japan recently a factory worker and video game player rented a truck, drove it into a crowd, jumped out, and stabbed seventeen killing seven. Here sudden violence is called Going Postal. Most do not know that that name is a Culture Bound Syndrome. The same violence in Malaysia is called Amok. Among the Navajo it is iich'aa. It has been happening for centuries around the world. Subliminal Distraction is a likely cause. The Virginia Tech, Redlake school, Joleka school, and Atlanta Day Trader shooters all had Subliminal Distraction exposure. They also had mental events near the  shooting. SD is known to cause a mental break where it was discovered in business offices. The cubicle was designed to deal with the vision startle reflex to control the problem. Schools are unaware of  the phenomenon even though it is explained in college psychology. They do not offer Cubicle Level Protection or warn students. Home computer use where others can move in peripheral vision are a likely source of exposure. Your subliminal sight in peripheral vision reacts to movement. It does not identify the object. You do that when you complete the reflex, turn and look. Serious exposure begins when you learn to consciously ignore movement around you so you can continue working with out the startle. But you cannot prevent your brain continuing to detect threat-movement. The repeating subliminal appreciation of that movement will eventually color thought and reason. You too can be a victim. Sudden violence is not the only outcome. Symptoms of exposure are fear, paranoia, panic attacks, depression and thoughts of suicide. I am reminded of a saying from the old west. "God made man Mr. Colt made them equal." Guns do not cause crime, accidents, or suicides. The issue is not safety. You cannot prevent sudden violence. Guns allow you to "Be Prepared" the Boy Scout motto. Information from: http://VisionAndPsychosis.Net I am the Copyright holder for this site. 