#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Adam, I appreciate and respect your reasoned and polite discourse.  If I may, I'll work through some of your comments.  Forgive me in advance if I get long-winded.First regarding your 5th paragraph statement "older interpretation."  Among constitutional scholars, the older interpretation is the "standard model" (individual right to arms), which is similar to the majority opinion in Heller.  The newer interpretations are called the "collective rights" (similar to the Rakove, Cornell et al. brief)and the even-newer "sophisticated collective rights" (similar to the Brady Center brief) models.  Regarding these newer, "sophisticated" interpretations, a statement from Alan Gura's brief (Respondent's brief in Heller) is germane here:  "Petitioners plainly disagree with the Framers’ Second Amendment policy choices. Petitioners’ remedy must be found within the Constitution’s Fifth Article, not with linguistic sophistries or an anemic standard of review that would deprive the right of any real force."  In other words, if you don't like it, you can repeal it.  But you cannot simply make it go away with sophisticated fabrications of the history and intent of the amendment. Refering to the right to own military small arms as a "grey area" (your 2nd paragraph), I argue that it seems grey today mostly because we have made it so over time.  I will get into this more in the next paragraph, but the justification (lawful defense of "good" - self, home, community, and nation) for the framers' protecting the right to arms is the same today as it was then.  And the arms they protected then certainly included military small arms.  Thus I would argue that the militia purpose of the second amendment (like you, I don't think the two clauses can be decoupled as perfectly as Scalia suggested) makes clear that the arms most precisely protected by the amendment are military small arms.Getting back to your 5th paragraph, regarding what is to be made of the "well-regulated militia."  For one, it is necessary to the security of a free state (state with a small "s").  So the SCOTUS (and many amici) argues that it is necessary to our free state, but then the majority pretty strongly decouples that purpose from the operative clause.  That is, even if the militia was not necessary, they argue, the guarantee "the right of the people to keep and bear arms" would mean the very same thing.  Generally, I agree with this, but personally feel the two cannot be decoupled quite so perfectly.  Why?  Because the militia IS fundamentally important, and arms are in part what fulfill the militia (and the modern legal mandate of the militia clauses in 10 USCode 311).