#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
There are alternatives for students to protect themselves "from criminals from various crimes from assault, rape to murder."  The colleges themselves can provide self defense classes to teach students specific techniques to protect themselves from attackers.  These classes can even include what one should do in different situations of a gun attack without actually having to fire back with a gun, but instead with the weapons around us everyday, like knives and hammers.  Even concealed self defense items like pepper spray may be the difference between life and death; it depends on the situation.  Yes, security does indeed hold firearms, but they are trained; they actually know what they are doing and are less likely to shoot someone irrationally or accidently.  Even students who are knowledgeable on how to use guns should not be permitted to carry them, exposed or concealed, on campus.  Campus often times is a temporary home to students, a place where they can seek safety.  How can they feel safe knowing that everyone around them is potentially carrying a gun, from the calm and seemingly harmless students to the troublemakers who are arrested at least twice a month?  Concealed firearms can quickly escalate a simple argument into a tragedy.  And if there is an attacker, with or without a gun, the concealed firearms of the victims can be used against them if they are overpowered.  The police and campus security not only try to stop attacks while they are happening, but they also try to avoid them from occurring in the first place.  With students allowed to have concealed weapons on campus, it would be more difficult for security to decipher who could be considered a potential threat and who is not.  Plus, what edge do the cops have if the students are allowed to carry concealed firearms?  No, students and people in general do not always follow the law, and of course the "cops cant be everywhere at once to protect everyone."  However, aren’t the chances of a shooting lessened if it is forbidden for students to carry firearms on campus, especially considering that security would be on the lookout for such weaponry?  And when does it end?  A pistol, a rifle, a semiautomatic?  To believe that they do not have “any chance” at protecting themselves without possessing a gun is a fallacy; it is a lie.  Besides, once you decide to carry a gun for constant protection from others, you decide to view all other people as potential enemies instead of potential friends.  And with this lack of faith in humankind you have taken that first small step into the direction of using your weapon for the wrong reason or worse out of hasty impulse.