#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
How many school shootings are "acceptable"? I think the NRA's answer diverges wildly from the majority of the population. Kids aren't made safer at school with guns easily available to their classmates or the people that decide to wander in.The issues are1) possession of guns are totally in our legislature's control2) the majority of people would prefer that guns not be easy to possess, but because they don't pay lobbyists at the rate the gun manufacturers and owners do, legislatures ignore them over those that do contribute.3) disturbed kids and adults have proven, repeatedly, that they can use the current system to easily possess as many guns as they need to cause mass death and injury.The NRA's solution of a) reminding people they should be more responsibleb) asking the government to ensure no mentally disturbed person possesses a gun (but not by any restriction on the 2nd amendment, mind you)c) encourage the use of a background check system which they fought tooth and nail against when it was proposed and when it needs funding is a good summary of why the NRA is so reviled. None of these solutions have a realistic chance of fixing the problem. All of these points seem defensible, at first glance, and give them good cover when nobody bother reading past the headline (and most don't). But when you take a close look at what they're doing, they are simply throwing out deceptive, distracting arguments to keep guns on the streets and allow gun violence to continue unchecked.They have the gall to stand up after public shootings to say this never would have happened if the victims had been armed. As if we all desire a wild west shoot out as the best way to prevent gun violence. Or insult our intelligence by assuming we accept the idea that the average gun owner is qualified to start shooting in a public place at anyone they perceive to be a threat. Our kids have to go through metal detectors at schools, have their bags and lockers searched and other forms of security as a response to the "need" to keep guns on the streets. Ridiculous. Since the NRA has no shame in their valuing gun ownership privileges over innocent people's lives, it would be nice if the voters and our Congress did.