#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
I am sorry for having gotten so long winded.  You chose an interesting one ... in your view that guns and gun rights protect a right to threaten violence.  I disagree, although depending on how we parse the characteristics of "threat" and "deterrent."  So, on one hand, I can see your view that guns might represent the ability to threaten violence.  In other words, it might be said that "the homeowner's pistol represented a threat to the burglar."  But although these claims can be made, I think a more honest approach is to explore the differences between what "threaten" and "deter" connote.  I will argue that the history and the intent of the second amendment (and the purpose of gun ownership) aligns more closely with deterrence than with threat.Webster's unabridged defines "deter" as "to discourage, to prevent, or to hinder" (eg. the presence of the police officer deterred the thief).  Threaten is defined as a "declaration of an intention to inflict injury or punishment, or to indicate impending evil or mischief" (eg. the thief threatened to stab me if I did not turn over my wallet).  Take personal defensive weapons, for example.  Forty-eight states have laws that allowed licensed, concealed carry of loaded defensive weapons, while about half the states allow open (visible) carry of a gun (some require a license, others don't).  I bring up open carry because the more common concealed part complicates my point.  Take two men, strangers, walking down the sidewalk in Burlington, Vermont (where it is legal to carry a firearm openly, without any restrictive license).  Each of the men have a holstered Colt 1911 on their hip.  At this point, neither of the men are threatening violence (nor, of course, do they have any right to).  They each walk into the same jewelry store, and browse around.  Suddenly, one of the men pulls his pistol, points it at the teller, and demands "give me the money or I will shoot you."  At this point, that man is threatening violence, which he of course has no right to do.  So the other armed man quickly draws his gun and stops this threat of criminal violence with a well-placed head shot.  This action is lawful because state statutes declare that the use of lethal force is authorized to prevent death or grave bodily injury of yourself and others, or to stop the commission of a forcible felony.  I would argue that the second man represented a deterrent instead of a threat.  Two men, two guns, two actions ... one a threat, and the other a deterrent.