#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
First off- thank you for your citation. Now that we are both looking at the same data I think we can be on the same page more. I hope you don't mind- but I went straight to the CDC website for the original data- I could not find 2005? anyway- all the stuff I'll be referencing will be 2004. I guess I couldn't find the 05 data on their site.first look at this- its a study by the CDC re: the effectiveness of Gun Laws (Including concealed carry)    http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/rr5214a2.htm    all their research boils down to 'inconsistent results' continuing on with the CDC- less than 1% of all homicides and suicides of school age persons (age 10-24) occur in or on school grounds.also according to the CDC between 1992 and 2006, school homicide rate was on the decline, and school related homicides were perpetrated with a firearm 65 or so % of the time.    http://www.cdc.gov/ncipc/dvp/YV_DataSheet.pdf    Obviously that data is missing VT, NIU, and some other major tragedies, but  the channel to purchase firearms legally is not where the 'violence problem' is coming from.I'll have to dig out the research- I think you can find it in 'gunfacts' (google gunfacts and you'll find a free webbook on it)but you mention assault rifles- prior to the brady bill they were used in less than 1.5% of crimes involving guns. 1.5% They have legitimate sporting and self defense purposes. I'm going to give you a quick sidebar here to help my point- as I don't mean to call you ignorant (I don't think you are) but I think firearms may be a bit foreign to you in their capabilities.Lets look at an AR-15 , the civilian version of the m16 that our soldiers carry. It is legal in many parts of the country, but not all- and fires 1 round per 1 trigger pull (that is semi-automatic)the most standard caliber is 223 remington, which has a military counterpart called 5.56x45- they aren't identical- but for the sake of this conversation we will assume they are- as a 5.56 gun can fire 223 without any issues.it fires a 55gr projectile around 3000 FPS. That sounds fast and powerful- but, did you know that the 55gr projectile going that fast will have less power to penetrate walls and homes than a many pistol rounds? its a function of physics- and again i'll try to find the data- I'm on my way to class right now and don't have time to run through all the numbers but maybe I can paint a picture for you anyway-a smaller  lighter projectile loses energy faster than a slower, heavier one. Its inertia. Like a semi going 35 miles an hour hitting a honda civic going 85. the semi still wins.so what is the point of all that? legislation, though often enacted with seemingly good intentions- is often done by people who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. as me and you both seem very pro-civil liberties, I'd rather they not mess anything else up, and instead focus more on proven methods of crime prevention- like more police.of the handguns you reference- the vast majority are obtained ILLEGALLY- I see what your aiming for here- you want to choke off the supply and the problem will smother itself.Think of prohibition- we choked off the supply of alcohol, and what happened? it became so profitable to deal in it illegally that we gave rise to a massive crime syndicate in the US. The criminals still had booze, they still had guns, and now they had immense amounts of cash to finance whatever they needed.if you outlaw handguns and assault rifles the same thing will happen again. Good people will not have them, and criminals still will- because they exist outside the law. it'll become so profitable that a huge black market (a huger I should say- guns for crime are often dealt illegally anyway) where a situation is created where only criminals can get guns.Penn and Teller had a show called bullshit- or something to that effect, and they did a show on the effects of gun control. one of the things they did, was to go interview violent criminals in prison, and ask if any of the anti-gun laws in place choked supply of guns for them- the answer? no. alls it did was ensure that the people they intended to hurt (assuming not another criminal) was most likely unarmed.In my experience, many people who are anti-gun are so because they are not familiar with firearms and their actual capabilities. If we demystify what they are capable of, I think you, and many other people who feel the same way, will feel far more comfortable around them.