#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
Sorry but after reading many of the pathetic comments in response this topic, I have to wonder about the intellectual capacity of the people making the comments. First off it has been proven on many occasions that guns are not the problem and that more guns in the hands of Law Abiding citizens actually deters crime. You don't have to take my word for it, do your due diligence and go no further than the FBI crime statistics and right to carry states.Your fear of guns stems from a complete ignorance of facts which is readily displayed in many of the postings here. It would behoove you to actually do some research on the subject at hand before your write something that will be published for public scrutiny. And keep in mind when you go to battle based on emotional hearsay with no facts, you generally lose.Fact 1. Your math is incorrect. Again I refer to actual crime statistics and right to carry comparisons. Every state, county, city that has restrictive gun control has a higher violent crime rate than those that exercise right to carry. And again that is based on facts in evidence from the FBI, not some emotional knee jerk reaction... as 99% of the anti-gun rhetoric is wont to be.Fact 2. Gun control does not solve the problem, education does. Watch these three clips and begin to understand your stance is one of ignorant emotional fear.-   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmrqT9SIkQw   - John Stossel 20/20-   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyoLuTjguJA   - Canada's failed gun control-   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGVAQOUi6ec   - England's failed gun control-   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkS8mdbml0A&NR=1   - The woman is on the phone with the POLICE! When she has to use her recently acquired hand gun to save her life. Proof that when you have a choice between 911 and 1911... 1911 is a sure fire way to stay alive.Fact 3. Over 2,000,000 crimes are deterred annually by legally armed citizens. Again these facts can be verified by FBI crime data.I am not going to provide you with the links to the FBI crime data because you can easily find it yourself. That is if your are truly an open minded individual that is ready to accept that maybe your stance is not only based on lies but untenable at best.Thing is I can pretty much with a 99% certainty guarantee you won't even watch any of the videos provided either Mainly because most Liberals I have run into cannot and will not deal with facts. They would rather deal in emotion and use yelling and name calling to attempt to derail a debate or argument that is going against them. Saw that when Ron Paul was kicking arse in the debates, and again with Obama and McCain. Anyhow you will continue to cower in fear due to your ignorance, which you could easily remedy by doing some solid fact searching, while good honest law abiding citizens are out there protecting you by exercising their right to carry.The bottom line is you and your agenda are not the solution, you are part of the problem. But you are incapable of admitting or seeing that since you use emotion instead of logic, reason and intelligence guide your through life. Too bad too, you are in a position to actually provide a solution through education, but you chose instead to use fear. Just like the last administration did and the current one will continue to do.Sincerely a law abiding gun owner and a veteran.