#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I was pointing out that the current system of   gun control   as advocated by the NRA is a farce - they tried to fight background checks and now fight the funding for it all the while claiming it's all we need combined with better enforcement of   gun laws   to keep everyone safe. Somehow they advocate the need for a stronger state for enforcement but actively work to limit its power through funding. It's becoming clear that no level of reasonable funding can keep   guns   out of the wrong people's hands, so let's be practical and take them off the street altogether.To your point on self-enablement: If you ask your classmates if they want you armed with a handgun in class, in the hallway, in the library and on campus paired up with your personal judgment of who poses a threat to yourself or anyone else AND granted the right to shoot at will, I will bet you a large sum of   money   they will overwhelmingly vote "no". A graduate student at UNC-Chapel Hill started picking off pedestrians downtown with his gun and had to be shot dead by the   police  . Good, smart choices were lacking by him.After you lose that vote, go ask your local patrolmen assigned to cover your campus if they prefer all students to be armed. If your logic is sound then they should welcome the wave of deterrence that spreads over campus. Instead, they will envision the fistfights at parties that escalate into gunfights, the drunken arguments that turn into shootings, the accident rate in dorm rooms as guns are accidentally discharged while being shown off, etc. etc. If there's one thing most   college   students lack it's a consistent supply of good, smart choices and the police on campus can cite example after example.So I agree with part of your posting - we need a new approach. That approach is banning handguns and most high powered "assault" rifles. Columbine was an example of how easy it is for disturbed people to not be prevented by any reasonably enforceable system from possessing the weapons needed to kill scores of people quickly. So let's stop trying to enforce unrealistic permits and background checks and just admit that it's a bad idea to let the average person possess most deadly weapons and ban their sale altogether.Your right to self-defense, by the way, remains intact. Get all the tasers you want. Load up on pepper spray and knives. You won't have the ability to kill 6 people in quick succession, but you can protect yourself. If you declare that only criminals will have guns under this proposal then I'll say you're right, but currently only criminals have   military  -grade machine guns, grenades and explosive weapons but that doesn't mean we need civilians to be armed accordingly. The trade off under a ban is that fewer criminals will have guns and their use in escalating violence from simply causing injuries to causing multiple deaths will be reduced. The process of getting guns off the street will go faster than I believe most fear - there will be heavy incentives to go after known criminals who haven't been convicted simply to put them away on an easy-to-prove gun possession charge. As black market guns become more valuable, they won't be "wasted" on random acts of violence. They will fall into the same category as weapons we currently reserve for the military - and noone would be afraid that common criminals would use them for everyday crimes or that mentally unbalanced people will buy them from a store or steal them from an acquaintance. 