#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I have no problems with muskets and black powder. If a thief robs me using a blunderbuss, more power to him and his historical affections. I think a system like they have in the UK which involves high fees, tight design restrictions and a well-funded, stringent licensing system would accomplish the goal of keeping most hunting weapons legal.My bottom-line argument is that handguns and military-style rifles (aka assault weapons - a label which I think you'll find most gun manufacturers love as it boosts their product image among the target buyers) are too easy to get and the minority of the population that can't be trusted to act rationally and in society's best interest shouldn't have as easy access to them as they do now. Enforcing a strict and expensive licensing system should reduce the incidents of theft as owners will be incented to take better care of their weapons, and the less responsible owners will be "self selected" out of ownership as they will likely choose to not bother with a time-consuming, expensive process that will fine or jail them if they violate it.Making these kinds of weapons illegal would certainly force people that want to get them to pursue illegal means. As they do in the UK and other countries. The results though are that a black market has not emerged at the scale predicted by the gun supporters. Gun violence and gun-related homicide happen at a fraction of the rate predicted. This is true across multiple countries.My final argument is this - no matter the level of passion expressed by the minority of the population that wants to keep this policy as is, the fact that the majority of the population wants to change it should prevail when it comes to legislation. The 2nd Amendment is no more sacred than any other Amendment which has been interpreted, reintrepeted and limited by modern lawmakers. I note that most gun right activists have stopped arguing we need to maintain a well regulated militia, as described in the preamble of this amendment. Anachronisms like that are a sign of why we can't let arguments like "the founding fathers intended it to be this way" hold sway over the current opinion and measured results of policy today.It's a passionate issue - one that gets voters out and voting, manufacturers vast profits and gets the NRA and other lobbying groups enormous sums of money. The political nature of this issue means that rational debate and argument are hard to conduct without extremists from both ends weighing in and making it highly emotional.My final thought - I think - is that personally I like guns. I enjoy the design and manufacturing quality that goes into a well made gun. The precision required to turn the relatively light pressure of pulling a trigger on a semi-automatic weapon into an extremely powerful firing pin, case ejection, round loading and re-cocking of the hammer action is impressive to me. And it does feel good to shoot them. But I don''t let that outweigh the risks posed to everyone when that kind of power is granted to people who just can't use it correctly. It's too dangerous and not worth the risk. That's a calculation that most people have made. I wish people were more responsible, but they aren't. 