#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
The cops are always going to be at a disadvantage they never know who is carrying and who isn't, criminals always have the advantage of surprise. With the present situation only criminals are carrying their firearms so how would people who actually follow the law endanger or hinder the officers efforts? Before you say they wont be able to tell who the attacker is in a shooting event find me one instance where that has happened off a college campus because I looked and couldn't find even one instance. Also since it says concealed then it means concealed I carry a full size handgun and I have many friends who don't know I carry and no one has ever noticed it. That is also the reason I don't believe there is a need for rifles on campus because they cannot be concealed and gets rid of the element of surprise. You really need to go Google "semiautomatic", most firearms sold today are semiautomatic and they are no more dangerous than any other firearm out there. They still fire one bullet for one trigger pull just like any revolver or hunting rifle, they are no more dangerous or deadly. Tell me how you are going to protect yourself from an armed attacker at 20ft, hell make it 15ft, how is it a fallacy or how am I a liar? Do you have other options yea possibly; you might be able to run away, maybe the attacker will be stupid and get close so you can attempt some move you saw in a movie, maybe you have pepper spray and the person reacts the same way I did and gets more agitated and angry and kills you anyways(not to mention most sprays can take up to 15 seconds to fully start working and are also banned on most college campuses).I carry a gun everyday at all times where it is legal and I don't look at everyone as a potential enemy but I do understand and accept the fact that there are evil people out there that would hurt me or my family and I will do whatever it takes to keep my loved ones safe. Also by your reasoning every cop in America that carries a firearm is on their way to using their weapon for the wrong reason or out of hasty impulse. Remember cops are only people too and they also make mistakes statistically they make more mistakes than armed civilians, cwp holders are the most law abiding group of citizens in the country just look up statistics in Florida or Texas(those two states keep the best records) and you will find that around .1 or .2% of all cwp holders are ever arrested for a felony. Do some research before you come up with some random scenarios that could possibly happen but they only occur on college campuses and not everywhere else concealed carry is legal or making up statistics that fit your opinion.  