#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I'm a gun owner, and a big fan of the Second Amendment.  But as important as this issue it, a battle of statisticians does not constitute an interesting debate.  What has been ignored by both sides in this debate is the history and purpose of the Second Amendment as understood by the founders.  Succinctly:  the right to keep to bear arms is NOT meant to protect us from criminals breaking into our houses at night.  Nor is it meant to permit us to hunt white-tailed deer.  It is meant to protect us FROM OUR OWN GOVERNMENT.  We have complex set of checks and balances in this country that prevent the accumulation of power in the hands of one person (or small group of people).  These checks have worked very well so far.  But in the event they fail, the Second Amendment acts as the last check on a tyranny by allowing the citizens to overthrow the government should it ever AGAIN become necessary.  Remember, this country only exists because well-armed citizens overthrew their government, which had become illegitimate by violating the rights of individuals.  This is an ethical argument, not a practical argument like the one's made by statisticians.  Guns may save lives or cost lives on a day-to-day basis, but disarming the citizenry gives the government FAR more power over us than was ever intended.  And if you think that fear of one's own government is no longer a concern in the 21st century, think again.  Even today at least 40% of the world's population (mostly in China and the Middle East) lives under brutal tyranny.  And even in this country we now have warrantless wiretapping and other abuses of the Constitution.  And although private guns owners wouldn't stand a chance against the U.S. army in a straight up fight, this is no reason to concede the philosophical point that power in this country is supposed to rest with the people, and not with the government.  Private gun ownership is based on a bedrock principle of this republic, and should not be dismissed for emotional reasons, even if it does save lives.  ("Give me liberty or give me death").  