#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
There are currently almost 7 billion people living on Earth.  Experts suggest another billion in the next decade or two.  This is unsustainable.So yes my freedom and security and that of my family and friends is worth a few thousand souls.  It is survival of the fittest according to the rules of nature.You claim uncommitted so I may just actually try to convince you for a minute.I'm saying that if your objective was simply to save lives then you would be spending your time lobbying against autos and   doctors  .  Look at our crude mortality rates:    http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/mor_dea_rat_cru_per_1000_peo-crude-per-1-000-people  US and AUS are pretty close together.  I am fine with these numbers.  There are more than enough people in the world.  Death is a part of life.  But the only thing that makes life worth living is freedom.Im saying that the only freedom that guarantees my other freedoms is my right to bear arms.  It is live free or die IMO.  I am a citizen not a subject.  Does your privilege, not right, to drive supercede the right to life of others?  If we save just half of the people killed by   cars   we save 3X as many than by   guns  .Yes I read the ws.  "are often" = possibly or maybe but not certainly.  The website seemed fine when you were using it to make your point but now somehow it falls short?  Even with a 5% error that still puts Auzzies in third and the U.S. waaay down the list at #15.  Do you think the error is 50%?The bottom line is that this is America.  And we hold our freedoms dear.  There are those who would seek to constantly whiddle away at our freedoms, especially recently.  See Patriot Act.  But there are those of us who choose liberty over this illusion of safety.  And Obama brings broken promises and more war.  Which I oppose!  To get back on topic...  you live in Australia and you can make your own policy there and if you choose to come here then I welcome you with open arms and would die to protect you and your opinion.  But America's voice is clear in support of the Second Amendment. 