#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Does a criminal care about the law? Obviously not. If anyone advocating gun control laws, and/orcomplete anti-fun prohibition could understand that no matter how many laws you pass, you willnot stop a criminal from getting what they want, we might not even be having this debate. Go to a"ghetto" talk to some people, I can assure you, that before the day is over, you will have acquireda weapon for between 100 and 400 dollars. A criminal doesn't care what laws they are breaking, all they need to do, is find a source that will supply them with weapons, be it internally from the USor externally from another country. A person can acquire any type of weapon they want to withoutnotice, aside from nuclear weapons, and even those are starting to become more widelyaccessible.So should you own a gun? In my opinion yes, guns don't kill people, people kill people. No matterwhat kind of reasoning you try to support it with, a gun is nothing by a tool, a means to an end. Aperson provides the intent. Without the person, you have a tool that serves no purpose. The onlyway to remove the intent is to remove the person, not the tool. A weapon comes in many forms,from a butter knife, to a span of rope used for a garrote, or a baseball bat used to bludgeon.Should we ban anything and everything that resembles a weapon, or can be used as a weapon?Might as well ban all forms of writing utensils, because a pen, and pencil can be used to killa person. Anything can become a weapon, as long as the person has the will and intent to makeit so.Banning guns, only serves to prevent those who wish to arm themselves against forces unseenfrom gaining access to said protection. A person, has the "right" to use an equal amount of forceas the aggressor is using. Aside from that, my personal belief is that a person should in the faceof danger to life, limb or eyesight, use whatever means of force of escalation within their means, beit excessive or not, to retain their personage whole and complete. I will not, ever, capitulate to a gun control law if I feel that, said law violates my personal motivations of protecting my family andmy valuables.