#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Most psych diagnoses are made on the basis of what you get told.  I.e.,  strictly speaking you don't necessarily need to see the patient.  The seemingly irrational behavior and pronouncments of many antigunners tells me plenty.BTW,  a phobia is a "neurosis",  i.e.,  a fairly low-grade psych disorder.   Object phobias tend to develop to potentially harmful objects or situations.  If people can develop phobias to stuff like heights,  needles,  knives,  etc.,  it is reasonable they can develop them to firearms.   As noted above,  object phobias are quite common.  Are you asserting that antigunners are spared them?   Anyway,  a high incidence of object phobia to guns explains a lot.   For one thing,  it explains why we gunners keep making deals and then get screwed.  A person with an object phobia may go to extraordinary lengths to abolish the object.BTW,  one source of object phobias is that the object reminds the phobic of unpleasant supressed thoughts and feelings.  E.g.,  someone with difficulty handling aggressive impulses may develop an object phobia to knives,  guns, etc. as a purely defensive measure.  Same with people who have suicidal thoughts who develop a phobia to guns because of them.   Winston Churchill had endogenous depression and admitted to a fear of heights because of it.   BTW,  note I say only "some" antigunners have an object phobia to guns.  Many of the rest are the usual busybody doo-gooders, friady-cats, and/or people on a mission from God.  Don't forget the ones trying to achieve closure.   "My husband was killed by a madman with a gun,  so I'm going to bring meaning to it by prohibiting guns", etc.  Too bad if this means trampling on the rights of people who do no harm.Similarly,  an unknown number of antigunners are standard-issue racists who just want to keep firearms out of the hands of lesser, more highly-melanized breeds.   Where our ancestors would just use the "N-word",  these folks use euphonisms like "inner city" and "youth violence".   But we all know what they mean.