#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
I never said flight wasn't an option. If I was in a hallway and heard shots coming from one direction I would be going in the other direction looking for cover. I am not some SWOT trained cop my job isn't to protect everyone in the school my job is to protect myself and those I care about. If by protecting myself I am protecting other people around me then that is a byproduct. Now you are just projecting your own abilities onto everyone else, you basically said because you can’t do it no one can. If you were a friend of mine and decided to carry a concealed handgun but still had those reservations I would tell you not to carry you obviously don't have the right mentality to carry yet. To carry you have to accept the fact that you may actually have to use your gun, carrying a handgun when you’re not ready to use it is more dangerous than not carrying. If you aren't ready to pull the trigger you shouldn’t be carrying. I will agree that flight beats fight if it is possible, what I am worried about is the times when you can’t run. The shooter at Vtech locked the doors as he came in so unless there was a window close by you were SOL. I don't know what college you go to but if you haven't seen or heard about any threatening behavior you are very sheltered or very lucky. I carry because I accept the fact that bad things can happen and I would like to be prepared in case it ever does. I will say I have had to draw my gun in defense so it has happened to me not in the town where my college is but it did happen. Statistically I will probably have to draw again in my life but also statistically speaking I will never have to fire my gun and I hope and pray that I never will. I have never been part of a school shooting but I know it is a possible. Actually I am not worried about a major school shooting happening at my campus what scares me is all the other violent crime that is much more prevalent. Including robbery, battery, assault, these crimes even at my campus which is way out in the middle of the country are prevalent. The biggest one around here is forcible rape, it happens here a lot and I know many female friends that would carry if they had the choice to protect themselves from these crimes. Like I said I am not really concerned about a major school shooting (thou I would rather be armed when needed then need it and not be armed) but what I am worried about is walking back to my apartment at 7pm down dark paths because that is the only way home. Also show me where this has happened off campus, I tried looking and I didn't find any instances of a permit holder missing and hitting an innocent person. I am not saying it doesn't happen I know it does but statistically you are more likely to get hit from a cops missed shot than a permit holders. The average distance of a permit holder shots are 10ft or less and the exchange of gunfire lasts less than 10seconds total.  "What is worse than allowing an execution-style massacre to continue uncontested?  How could any action with the potential to stop or slow a deranged killer intent on slaughtering victim after victim be considered ‘worse’ than allowing that killer to continue undeterred?”   http://www.concealedcampus.org/arguments.htm   please read this it handles most if not all the questions you may have if there are any more let me know and I will try and answer to the best of my ability. 