#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=Against
#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
Student News Daily offers lots of policial stamensts about popular topic today. In a chart compairing Conservitive and Liberal views, there was the following quote; "The Second Amendment gives no individual the right to own a gun, but allows the state to keep a militia (National Guard). Guns kill people. Guns kill children."For example, during a year when over 5,000 teens and children died from gun wounds in the USA, in Great Britain, where gun ownership is very restricted, 19 teens and children died from gun wounds. This is very blunt statistic proof that states that gun control thats rectricted to certian personal keep citizens safe and reduces the death by guns. With society and technology proggressing at such a fast speed, the need for barbaric uses of protections such as guns is not nessicary. Guns can be unpredictable and almost 84% of americans have not been trained in gun safety. With the uses of modern day technoloy for individual protection, gun control should only be restriced to select forces of the goverment who are trained in using these weapons.A huge part of american culture is film, and if you were to ask people if violence and special effects involiving guns and other firing weapons were nessicary to a good film, one out of two would say yes. This point gets even more drastic then a 50/50 when i comes to videos games, once you past rated "E" there it is almost impossible to find a game with no use of guns. Taking gun use as a "game" only provokes the wrong use of these weapons and teaches the brian that guns can be an "easy way or" or a "simple defense". Not only do adults play games, so do children. My 11 year old brother is a avid player of the new first person shooter Modern Warfare2. This game is fast paced and above all violent, take a look in the video below.Modern Warefare may ahve the rating M but its very common for children to play these games. Some may argue that these "train to be future military member" but how does jamming down the "x" button until 2 in the moring make you a good soilder in training? Simple anwser, it doesn't. We cannot have guns in the same enviorment as play. Teaching people that firing a gun gives you points is not what they should know. Firing that gun kills another human being and will haunt you for the rest of your life.Infact you may have heard about how many soilders who come back from the war suffer from many phycological issues that in many cases cannot be completely cured. We should leave the guns to the people who need to use them. We as citizens need to be protected, not be armed. To keep the country both mentally and physically safe, we need to keep reality and virtual gaming seperate to keep are country togather. We need to restrict gun control.