#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
The topic that should have been addressed here was Should Guns be Allowed in National Parks!  From the comments I read posted for most of the past week, the discussion has gotten way off the topic, and into a whole different thread for debate.As for the concept of   guns   being carried in National Parks, it should be a non-issue.  For starters if you take the 2nd amendment approach, what part of "the rights of the people shall not be infringed" do you fail to understand. Next, States are the authority that regulate the rules for Concealed Carry permit holders, and should apply to all areas not specifically prohibited by each state.  If a National Park is in a state that allows concealed carry then it should include the parks as well.  Aside from the obvious, concealed carry is   legal   in a growing number of states, so for those "afraid" of coming into contact with or being exposed to a gun, you already are on a daily basis in about 40 + states the last time I checked. I personally carry during majority of my waking hours, both in my own home and in public, with the exception of when at work or   church  . In my county, in Michigan, the last statistic I heard was the average for LAW-ABIDING CITIZENS with permits to carry concealed is about one in twelve.  I follow the rules, but I also challenge bad laws and rules when they are clearly violating my rights, my safety,  and conflict with the Constitution Of the United States of America!  I still happen to think that is the way our country should conduct it's affairs.  Remember, it's only been about the last 60-100 years that people have given up open carrying in most places, and many states including mine, still LEGALLY allow it.   I will still carry a gun either openly or concealed depending on the circumstances and location, if for no other reason than I still can, and in my opinion a right not exercised is a right lost by default!  The narrow minded individuals who wish to restrict or take away my rights, will have to do so when they pry the guns "From my cold dead hands!", even if that has become less socially acceptable and not politically correct.