#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
This is where the discussion is lost on all too many who view the world in somewhat unrealistically rosy glasses.  Backing up a bit now.  Throughout history, the strong and advantaged have often taken from others (eg. weak and disandvantaged) via coersion.  Barbaric.  "Civilization", however, made life better for most everyone but the barbarians.  While civilizations are characterized by division of labor, etc., they are also predicated upon sharing and upon agreements by those members of society ... agreements on what is right and wrong, acceptable and unacceptable, and on what is lawful and unlawful.  Civilizations work because "good" people contribute and are rewarded (generally) for doing so.  But there remain those "bad" people who still take advantage (when they are allowed to) via coersion.  It is this reality, in part, on which the guarantee to arms was predicated.  Arms were guaranteed so good people (civilized people) could protect themselves from bad people.  Not only "could" protect themselves, but WOULD protect themselves (thus reducing the bad people in society).  We all work to educate and train our fellow citizens, and to reward good behavior with gifts, honor, or a simple pat on the back.  We also work together (and establish criminal justice and rule of law) to punish bad people.  We pretty much all agree that murder and rape and robbery are bad and cannot be tolerated.  What the right to arms guarantees is that we as individuals, as first responders, have the power (we have the natural right, as well as the legal authority) to defend ourselves, families, and community via force of arms (it would be swords or clubs if firearms did not exist).  Security of a free state plays full into this, because the natural right to self defense cannot be decoupled from the right (and the necessity) to community and even national defense.  A well-regulated militia is a group of armed citizens (individuals) coming together in a time of need ... to dispell unlawful insurrections, to prevent looting after a natural disaster, or to repel an invading military force.  That militia is in agreement as to their purpose ... and that purpose is a good one because it maintains law and order, and promotes the safety and security of communities, states, and nations.And finally, from a statement you made above to Nitrogen: "To me, guns rights represent the freedom to threaten terrible violence."  I think that view is a rather common one, but I also think it is predicated on a misunderstanding of what freedom is, what rule of law is, and what gun rights are.  It is argued that humans (and all other living things) have a natural right to self defense via force.  But few would argue that we have any sort of right to offense.  The second amendment in no way whatsoever authorizes or gives any right to offense or to "threaten terrible violence" as you put it (by "threaten" I presume you mean "offensive violence").  The second amendment protects the right to own and carry arms (knives, saps, guns, whatever) for the purpose of lawful use of force ... be that to stop a common criminal in your home, a group of terrorist/insurrectionists such as the KKK of days gone by or the Timothy McVeighs of modern history, be that keeping the peace when our professional police force cannot, or be that repeling an invading force.  And even ... even ... as 20th century Russia and Germany have taught us is sometimes necessary, resisting and overthrowing outwardly tyrranical governments. 