#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
Natural rights are rights that exist by being natural to you.  They're almost non-rights in the fact that they do not need to be named as they are inherent to your own being.  Handguns are not natural to you.  God does not exist to give you rights.  If you believe in a God, that God gave you life and rules with which to get  into heaven.WE exist and WE give ourselves rights.  Wall street and politicians weren't innocent babes, but neither were ordinary people, here. It wasn't my field of study, but even I saw the impending financial crisis coming (apparently, despite my obvious stupidity because I disagree with you about handguns).  It was fairly obvious.  Yet the sheeple continued, knowing full well the outcome. If we are not responsible for this - which is of our own creation - why do you claim that we are so responsible as to not have handguns legislated?  If you cannot protect your family with a gun that doesn't fit into a small bag, there is something wrong.  You know as well as I that you do not NEED a handgun for much more than concealing and shooting at other humans.   They're nice for picking off rats in the barn, it's true... but the applications are limited that don't involve armed robbery or enraged motorists (I was going to say female, but it seems unfair toward my own sex).   Furthermore, a firearm should be your LAST line of defense, not your first.   What is YOUR education level, or yes I do have the right to butcher, God given of the building of sentences?  Do you know what a period is and its function?  You appear to know and not know, at the same time.   This:"As for making choices about the direction of ones life well i'm flabergasted, you almost make my point fore me, yes Virginia we do have the right, God given of protecting our lives and of those around us,in order to do this you have to be educated in the use of all the tools around you,Knowing the enviroment you travel in, use of ones physical abilities, i.e. karate or kung fu,what I am trying to say is that a gun is an inanimate object, atool to be used for good or evil as "man" so choses."was hard to read.  Yet you ask about my education level?  I, at least, try to keep things readable.