#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Once again, you're not reading very well.   The question isn't about   gun control  .  The question is: Do   guns   make you safer?    Alone?  No.Guns are not magical things that appear when you need them and tell you the future.  A seat belt is nothing like a gun.    It's like trying to compare apples with soccer balls.  Okay, they're round, but that's about all they have in common.    So you live in an area with medium traffic.   Again, at three in the morning, there shouldn't be anyone in your lawn, nor at your door.  Your dogs barking ARE a great deal of protection, regardless of the fact that they bark at you when you pull in the drive, and pee with delight at the mail man.  Not that I'm saying they actually do.     You're missing the point that without warning - a gun is just another item that is laying around.   About as useful as a shoe horn if you have no way of getting to it BEFORE you need it. That story?  Not exactly gives all the facts, nor are they accurate.  In fact, it's really hard to get a straight story.  One article says they came through the front.  Another says they burst through the patio. Some stories are posted on May 4th. Others later, and others earlier.    Not that it means it's not true.  But how did Tom get to his back pack and open it without arousing the suspicion of the gun-man?   Second, if someone bursts through a patio door at a party, do you think it wise to stand there like cows?   Third, why was Tom carrying a loaded gun around in his back pack where he could just whip it out and start firing?Fourth: If two gunmen separate the men and women and keep them in separate rooms, and Tom walks in to find the other guy about to rape his   girlfriend   - what were the other women doing?  A gun requires one hand, at the least. Of course you're going to say "Having a gun saved ten peoples lives!!!"   You're going to be screaming inwardly that of course it made those people safer.  IF that story is even true.  We don't know.  But.  What happens if Tom had accidentally left that back pack on a bus?  The very point of having a gun is for the "what if"s" according to you, yet this is what you say gun control advocates use.   It works both ways, foamy.  I have guns for entirely different reasons.  They don't actually include the "what if" scenarios.  Nor does fear of death rule my life so completely that I ignore what common sense (which isn't exactly common) says and the rules of safety and carry my weapons around with me in a backpack.   Guns do NOT make you safer just by owning one.  Sorry.     