#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I'm going to address points out of order more so just for sake of my personal mental clarity.as for modifying 'assault rifles' - make no mistake that modifying a civilian legal firearm like an AK-47 variant (like a WASR-10) or an AR-15 to full auto is a difficult task that requires a skilled machinist and parts and modifications not readily available. this is not something bobby the  backyard gunsmith can do with any kind of provision. At best- they will tamper with the sear engagement (think of it like the govenour on a car) when the sear is tripped- the gun will fire one round- if they mess with it, the gun may just fire from the time its loaded till the time its empty (like having your car 's accelerator floored from the moment you turn on your ignition. At worst (or at best depending on how you look at it) they fudge engagement of the internal workings to the point that the weapon becomes inoperable. I address your Assault weapons question first- because its a pet peeve of mine. Assault weapons is a misnomer. It was a term that has been applied to firearms outside of the definition of the phrase- meaning, its like calling all cars Formula 1 racing cars- one is a subset of the other, and a very exclusive, narrowly defined subset. Next- I guess we just interpret the data differently. (from the CDC) you see one gun death, on record, as justification for banning firearms. There is no data showing how many instances where firearms prevent violence. I've read estimates that say 2 million per year. I'm going to say, for the sake of our argument, that 2m is a gross exaggeration, and I'll say its been exaggerated by 10 fold. so now we have 200,000 examples where firearms prevented violence. If you could do a long term study on that- guns saving lives- that I think is the missing link we need to settle our argument. Do guns cause deaths? yes. Absolutely. I believe (and I really do believe this) that they save more lives.while i'm looking up links- here's gunfacts.     http://www.gunfacts.info    /you might not agree with it, but at least now your aware of its existence. I especially recommend pages 5-10 or so, as they deal with 'assault weapons'. if only so we use the same language to continue our conversation.here is the info on that suggested 2 million saves a year- I admit fully that the data is dated. it was from a study in 1997. thats why I now underestimate it so heavily- (not that I think its gone down, but just because I think the argument is still valid)"Targeting Guns" Dr Gary Kleck. Florida State University 1997 (I have no digital copy)basically- (and I apologize in advance for this) check pages 15-22 as well. I'm sorry if I sound like I'm lecturing, but I can summarize it- but then you'll just go check it anyway, so I figure why not waste your time.If you think any of these studies are for some reason less valid then the ones you mention, we can talk about sample size, statistical integrity, and all of that stuff. Your reference to Europe, I think, is circular. You focus on Gun violence.Cut out gun- and you still have violence. Thats the big problem, and many European countries have that in no short supply. Heck after the UK ban on guns went into effect the Lethality of Officer involved confrontation (meaning violence against officers) increased significantly as the police' ballistic vests could not withstand the surge in knife wounds. They created a monster where MORE people died.As for your brother's practices- I believe all gun owners, after passing the required background check and safety courses, having been established to be of sound mind and body- should be allowed to carry their firearms. My father has carried since 1979 and has never once brandished a firearm in anger or accidentally. Thats almost 30 responsible years of no incident.