#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
  I recently had an epiphany of sorts, thanks to a video I watched by Penn & Teller called Bull$#it! 309 Gun Control.  I have read the Second Amendment and I thought I understood the meaning of the Second Amendment. I have listened to people, so-called experts on both sides of the   gun control   argument, express their ideas as to the meaning of the Second Amendment.  Now, I’ve always understood that the need for and the purpose of the Second Amendment was for the PEOPLE to be able to rise up and defend themselves from a federal government becoming tyrannical and turning against the people.  Anti-gun people contend that the MILITIA referred to in the Second Amendment is a standing federal army or the National Guard and that the Second Amendment provides for same.  The MILITIA, in this case, is viewed by gun proponents the same as an armed populace that can be deployed along with a standing army (just as occurred during the recent Revolutionary War) in the event of attack from without.  However, I would suggest that the MILITIA refers to a standing army that the PEOPLE would have to defend against.  It is the comma after the phrase “A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State,” that is at the center of the dispute.  That comma has caused a lot of misunderstanding, in addition to the brief wording of the Second Amendment. Two hundred years later, we don’t understand the Second Amendment, in part because we have not recently fought a war of independence from an oppressive government.  Additionally, there is the fact that our use and understanding of certain words has changed during the last 200 years.  For example, consider the phrase, “well regulated.” We may think regulated means “controlled.” At the time the Second Amendment was written, regulated meant organized and/or properly trained.  Further, since that time, a well regulated militia of the people, organized and properly trained has not been maintained. On the other hand, the federal government has maintained a well regulated military.  Therefore, consider this interpretation of the Second Amendment:In order for the Unites States to be able to defend itself against foreign attack, a standing army is necessary that the people of the United States may remain a free people, a free state. However, because we are fearful that a central, Federal government, with command and control of said standing army, may, at some point in time become an oppressive government just as the one that we recently threw off, and may deploy said standing army against the civilian population, said civilian population, the PEOPLE, shall have the right to keep and bear arms and that right shall not be infringed by the Federal government.  I cannot ascertain the reason the founders chose to write the Second Amendment the way they did, however, I believe I now know exactly what they meant.  I suggest that you view Penn & Teller’s video and you will too.  While some people may say that it would be fruitless to go up against our modern military with the small arms available to us, an idea that I may address at a later date, the fact is, the Second Amendment was written for such a purpose at that time and is still in place today. I will say that I find it hard to believe that the founders would have imagined that our military would possess weapons that the people would not have access to, either by denial or impractical to possess.  The fact remains that the government, by   law  , cannot infringe upon our right to keep and bear arms. 