#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
"Addicts often commit   crime   because they are barred access to the job market."I don't see how this will change. You can be denied access to the job market for reasons other than illegal activity. For example, my last 5 or 6   jobs   required a credit check. So while it's not illegal to have bad credit or file for   bankruptcy  , I could have been denied a job based on it. I certainly would not hire someone who tested positive for heroin, or even   marijuana  . Plain and simple,   drug use   is a poor decision, and I don't want people working for me who have poor decision making abilities."It's drug policy that destroys lives. The drug problem is a   healthcare   issue, not a   law   enforcement one. It's like trying to arrest and jail   cancer   . "Come on, that's a stretch. I have a cousin who is married to a guy who takes meth. Paranoia is a well known side effect of meth use. Because of his paranoia, a recent family reunion was interrupted, or some might say ruined, because of his repeated calls, day and night, to check up on her. He called her phone, two of my aunts' phones, and her mother's phone. This not only stressed her out, it caused her   children   to be visibly depressed, leaving them in tears, and caused her mother, to become near hysterical. So are you really going to insist that drug use is a victimless crime? I don't think you'd find very many reputable sources that would say that."Heroin used to be sold over the counter, some estimates place functional addiction in America almost to the one third mark at it's peak. Society's chief problem at the time? The stock market." What time was this, and what evidence supports it? I mean, one third seems like an awfully high number. Alcohol is perfectly   legal   now, and so are   cigarettes  . But combined the percent of people addicted to these two substances doesn't equal 1/3. I couldn't find   alcohol   addiction alone, but best estimates for cigarettes, drugs, and alcohol combined is about 73 million people in the U.S., or about 20%. And "  society  's chief problem" is a subjective statement, and therefore pretty difficult to quantify."The number of homeless people who are mentally ill is staggering."Again, a subjective statement, but only about 1% of Americans are homeless for an extended period of time, with about 40-45% of those being considered mentally ill. While that number is sad, I'd be hard pressed to call it staggering. "This image of the nanny state is largely a myth perpetrated by the right in order to preserve their own ill gotten gains."Again, can you quantify this statement? And I'm a conservative. How exactly are my gains "ill gotten." I have worked my tail off just to reach middle class, and I have done it without infringing on the rights or walking on anyone to get where I am. And I have lived well below the poverty line, and it was nobody's fault but mine. And don't forget that there are plenty of people on the left who are obscenely wealthy. Are their gains ill gotten? That statement reeks of elitism and is a disgusting generalization, in my opinion."The typical upper class American could not survive without the state regulating their business competition out of existence, and subsidizing their failures. (AIG anyone?)"While I am certainly not a part of the group to which you point in this statement, I think you are vilifying unjustly an entire group of people. If you had used a racial segment of the population, this would be called   racism  . Depending on what you call "upper class" I don't think that statement would hold water either. And I won't even begin to debate what the cause of the financial market collapse was, so don't waste your time trying to bait me into that one. ;-)Oh, and I forgot this one: "Opening the door to a whole class of workers who spend their   money   on heroin instead of WoW and still show up to work on time."Seriously? Really? You honestly think that a heroin addict would show up to work on time? Really? I mean that statement damn near leaves me speechless. If anything I said was questionable, that statement is outright pot-of-gold-at-the-end-of-the-rainbow fantasy. I seriously hope you didn't type that with a straight face. Again, I'm still on the fence, and that was   food   for thought, but much of what you said is subjective at best, and pure opinion at worst. Like I said before, if you want to destroy your life, go right ahead. Just don't drag me, or any other innocent person down with you. 