#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
See my response above on stats.Passing a law to ban handgun ownership wouldn't put the entire Bill of Rights in jeopardy. You can't yell "fire" in a crowded theater. Public schools can't force children to say a Christian prayer. You can't form a public demonstration in most cities without a permit. These and many other reasonable restrictions on the rights granted to us by the constitution have been enforceable laws for decades and no one would argue they've put the entire Bill of Rights at risk. Present and Future America is happy to have these kinds of protections.By the way - my point in the first posting is that many of the rights in the Bill of Rights have already been curtailed surreptitiously (including one of your hypotheticals - the right to defend your charges in court - Habeus Corpus). I'm not in favor of this - I am in favor of a law being debated and passed to accomplish this restriction. If the NRA would spend some lobbying dollars to reign in an executive branch gone haywire, they might start getting some of my money. You could argue no one's done more to trample on the Bill of Rights than this current administration. Isn't the NRA supposed to protect the Constitution?Future America will likely think it odd that their ancestors thought shoppers in a mall with a gun holster under their coats were the most reasonable protection we could envision against mentally disturbed people who were determined to kill as many people as they could. Some weapons are just too dangerous for the average person on the street to possess.As long as we're talking about freedom and the bill of rights, I would like to point out that I'm in favor of personal liberties. If handguns weren't killing other people at alarming rates, and only killing their owners, I wouldn't have a problem with them. The issue is that handguns and assault rifles kill other people, by design. The studies have shown that handguns are used in homicides and cause accidental deaths at a far higher rate than they are used in self-defense. They provide the ability to kill quickly and rapidly. Most people just don't want to see that ability granted to the public at large.