#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
"Indisputable studies have concluded that there are 2.5 million defensive uses of firearms every year."The studies are definitely disputable. In fact, that statistic has been called into question consistently - and is easily disputed when compared to reported crime rates and common sense. Please cite the studies and we'll get into the details. Suffice it to say, there are not 2.5m thwarted crimes each year thanks to quick drawing gun owners.For every documented case of a permit holder thwarting a crime, I can show you several documented cases of a gun owner killing an innocent person. Hard to balance that cost with the benefit of occasional prevention.The rest of your argument doesn't seem to hold up when you look at the stats.     http://bjsdata.ojp.usdoj.gov/dataonline/Search/Crime/State/RunCrimeStatebyState.cfm    Florida was well above the national average in 1987 across all categories of crime. By 1993, most crime rates had gone up, continuing to stay above the national average. One category - homicide - fell from 11.4 per 100k residents to 8.9, falling just below the national average of 9.5 that year. Every other crime category saw an increase. So where were the concealed weapons effects there? How do you presume to prove that concealed weapon permit holders caused the decrease in homicide rates?Asking gun owners how often their guns stopped a crime is a highly charged question prone to error. The measured results show that the period of time you chose to look at saw an increase in the crime rate. And most people who study crime (peer-reviewed scientists and government agencies) will tell you that citizens' rate of gun ownership, concealed carry permit count and other measures of gun use by non-criminals has no material effect on crime rates.Perception is a powerful tool. Citing disputed results as indisputable and cherry picking statistics is not a valid way to form public opinion or guide legislation. It would be great if your version of reality were the truth, but it's not.