#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I stand by original statement - criminals aren't _killed_ by private gun owners (or shot by them) at nearly the rate that victims and innocent people are.The "1.5m people use guns defensively every year" statistic is a tough one. I can find studies that refute that number and I'm sure you can find studies that show it's higher. The true number will probably never be known. It's like asking a car owner "what's the fastest you have driven in the last twelve months?" - many honest people will answer that incorrectly and passionate people may exaggerate the truth.I know it's hard to listen to the other side on an issue you passionately believe in, but I'm pretty sure no reasonable person believes James Brady is a brainwasher. Getting shot by some nutjob with no business possessing a weapon is a pretty good motivator to spread the word on this issue, but I think his namesake organization stops well short of brainwashing. I'm pretty sure he'd tell you that defensive gun stats don't make up for the fact that he's paralyzed and the President almost died (again) at the hands of a gun owner.Would you argue that the Constitution features a gun ownership right because of the deterrent effects on crime? Or the deterrent against a tyrannical government? I'd argue the latter. I don't trust most people I know, let alone the population at large, to brandish a firearm and have the ability to kill 6-9 people in under a minute if they decide they are a threat to them. The fact that so many innocent people get killed by guns each year, and in dramatically sad ways like mass public shootings, makes it particularly hard to justify the need for their easy possession or a calculation that there's a greater need to keep guns on the streets for crime prevention. Especially when guns enable crime - making their deterrent effect diminished. I think a gun owner should calculate that there's a pretty high chance anyone motivated enough to rob/attack them is armed. If you believe escalating a property crime to a homicide is the right response, I don't think you're in the same camp as most people.I do think killings would go down if we took most guns off the street. That's both criminals and victims dying. "General violence" as described above may go up, but if fewer people die isn't that still a net positive? I'm not aware of gun-control countries having significantly higher rates of violent crimes than the U.S. - I'm willing to eat my words if that's true.So I'm not here to argue for the rights of criminals. I'm here to argue for everyone's right to not be killed by a gun.