#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
Okay, I'll play! You say it's a tough decision then go on to say no the students don't have the right to carry. Then you go on to state that Òmost people simply lack the proper training to carry weapons.Ó Do you know what it takes to get a CCW?1.Applicant must be 21 years of age or older2.Applicant must be a law-abiding citizen of good character3.Applicant has not been convicted of a felony4.Applicant has not been convicted of any crime of violence5.Applicant has not been convicted of any offense involving the use of alcohol (If it was more than 5 years ago, you may qualify for the permit.)6.Applicant has not been convicted of any offenses involving the unlawful use of drugs or other controlled substances (If it was a misdemeanor more than 10 to 15 years ago, you may still qualify for the permit.)7.Applicant has not been convicted of any offenses involving moral turpitude8.Applicant has not been convicted of any offense involving domestic violence9.Applicant has not been adjudicated by a court of a state or of the United States as mentally incompetent, unless the adjudication has been withdrawn or reversed.10.Applicant must perform a handgun safety handling session before a Utah CCW instructor unless the student as at least one of the following:       * Certificate from NRA Basic Pistol course    * Law enforcement experience    * Certification as an NRA Firearms InstructorHandgun training in military serviceSome states require a psychological examination as well. So it's not just some person willy nilly getting the permit and your fears are unfounded. Then you go on to state that many people are not expert marksmen... private citizens have been shown to make fewer mistakes in identifying an assailant and then hitting said assailant than the police. You CLAIM that the stress of shooting will cause a private citizen to shoot the wrong person... and yet there are very few documented cases when compared to accidental police shootings.   http://www.policeone.com/police/products/articles/116587  /  http://www.actionamerica.org/guns/guns1.shtml  I carry CCW... noone knows and the last thing I am looking for is to get into a gun fight. Every other CCW holder I know is of the same mentality. I think you have watched way too much TV my friend. Owning and carrying a weapon is a very big responsibility and it is not taken lightly by any of us that carry. Anyhow your premise that an attacker will focus on an armed resister... patently wrong. In over 80% of cases recorded, when confronted by an armed resister armed assailants decide they want to be somewhere else and quick and they will leave in a hurry without ever engaging the armed resistance. Go here to get some real life stories of people actually defending themselves...   http://www.claytoncramer.com/gundefenseblog/blogger.html  Probably the worst thing about allowing concealed weapons on campus is that it is a double-edged sword. Just like someone can carry for defense, someone else can carry for offensive purposes! Concealed carry could actually make it easier to get a weapon on campus in order to carry out a massacre. I guess the only thing that concerns me about this line of reasoning is that it isn't too hard to sneak a weapon on to most college campuses to begin with...still, I think allowing concealed carry on college campuses is a bad idea.Double edged sword? Think this through and read the following very carefully, people that bring unlawful (no legal CCW) onto campus are the ones that have the ill intent. There has not been one recorded incident of a CCW initiating any type of massacre. Not one, your fear is unfounded. Illegal carriers tend not to pay attention to those things called laws. That's why law abiding citizens with a CCW are so effective a deterrent. Now think about this real hard, you want to "make a name" for yourself by killing as many as you can then capping yourself. Now if your intended victims are all unarmed and you know this, then you know that you can succeed and since schools are stupid because they tell students to play dead or not fight back. In other words instead of teaching survival skills they are training students to be lambs at the slaughter. Anyhow so since there is no credible threat, they can go on killing spree and most likely succeed.Now the same scenario but the rules are changed in that the targets you have selected have the right to carry. You don't know who is packing and who isn't. Your odds of getting far are pretty slim. Slaughter is stopped before it even happens, and not one person had to pull a gun. Just the thought that armed resistance was a real possibility would be enough for any rational person.Oh and last bit, almost every massacre in the United States and Europe (Germany just had another one... and they have strict gun control!) has happened in a gun free zone. Think about that next time you go someplace where guns are not allowed...