#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
QUOTE "I would hate to have all the primitive people around me (read NRA members and criminals) being the only armed ones."Welcome to the club! WOW NRA members & criminals in the same breath, nice to know your head is on straight.Heres why these two sides of the coin will never meet.Cut & Paste Bernard Levine (c)1998  THE GREAT DIVIDE     Ever since its first European settlements, in the early 1600s,America developed as two completely different republics. We have beenpolitically divided ever since, and will always remain so. This isbecause our two founding republican traditions are both opposite andirreconcilable.      On one side of the divide were the agrarian republicans like ThomasJefferson and James Madison. They gave us the Declaration ofIndependence and the Constitution, with their foundation stones of equalcreation, personal freedom, and the inalienable rights of every citizen.Theirs was a republic of innate virtue, where   crime   and vice werenothing more than aberrations. An individual's misbehavior was only ofconcern to the State when other citizens had been harmed by it.      On the other side of the divide were the puritanical republicanslike the autocratic clergyman, Cotton Mather. These men believed allcitizens to be innate sinners, irresistibly driven to dastardly deedsunless rigidly restrained by the State. Their puritan republic, theirCity of God, was like a brittle chain, which a single weak link wouldsunder. In their world, even the slightest mis-step from pious purityhad to be prevented at all cost. Countless detailed laws and regulationswere devised, and then constantly revised, in order to eliminate everypossibility of straying. To the true puritan -- whether pious Christian,secular humanist, or leveling socialist -- notions of rights andresponsibilities are meaningless. All that matters is the prevention ofsin. No form of prior restraint can be too severe, if it advances thisfundamental goal. ====Of course the puritans never included themselves in the regulations, after all they could trust that they were above corruption....sort of like you....