#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Wow you guys pulled that line out? Not reaching for a heart string there or anything. . . but I digress- your building a straw man argument. you offer no actual data and create a fictional scenario, which then interject at the end, You wouldn't want your kids to see this, would you? So congratulations on reading traditional propaganda techniques. If you guys want some other literature to molest and twist around, I recommend Ellul's PROPAGANDA. I read it during my MA when I did a lot of work on the topic.as to your point- What would you suggest? Eliminating all guns? let me build a little scenario for you-remember that thing in America way back when called Prohibition? By making a desirable, but if misused dangerous commodity illegal- the US Government created a situation where it was SO profitable to break the law and provide this illegal item that it gave rise to organized crime and distribution of products on the black market that this country had never before seen.so how would that work with guns? If made illegal- they would become so desirable an underground economy (one that already exists, you would just be empowering it) would explode with traffic from the criminal element in our country.so who wouldn't have guns? Honest citizens who obey laws, even when they are unjust.who would have guns? Criminals. laws didn't prevent them before- and now you just made it more profitable for them to traffic their wares.To suggest that the gun lobby is driven by capitalism and not have anything to do with National history, American Rights, or in my personal opinion- good sense- is asinine.Outlawing fire-extinguishers doesn't prevent crime. Nor does cutting down in their availability. To limit the flow of firearms will not cut down in violent crime- at best it will manifest itself in a different, and probably more violent form- at worst, it will be business as usual, just fewer good men and women will have an opportunity to resist and protect their way of life.