#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
I fail to see how this is different then obtaining a concealed weapons permit in most states already? All states require a background check, most require you to have no history of mental illness(I am assuming this is all states but I couldn't find statutes for all 50 states so I am just saying most), you must be 21 or older, and most states require some type of   firearms   safety course before you can get a permit. So the chance of gang members and those that are mentally insane getting a permit anyways are incredibly remote if not impossible already. You are just adding another layer of ridiculous requirements onto something we are supposed to have a right to anyways. You also forget that those who wish to carry a weapon illegally on campus will do it no matter what   the law   says, so those that are going to get permits aren't the ones you need to worry about. Those gang members and/or mentally insane wont go through all those requirements they will just carry on campus anyways, they don't care what the laws are. If they are planning on hurting or killing someone why would they care about the laws saying they aren't allowed to carry a weapon on campus?As for the population numbers you must remember that the ratio of concealed weapon permit carriers and normal citizens is about 1 out of 100. So while I believe campus would be safer if over a 1/4 of campus carried as you propose it would never happen. Also you have to take in account the fact that you have to be 21 to obtain a permit so that takes about 80% of the student population out of the equation to begin with. That doesn't even bring in the part about why you are restricting the rights the other half of teachers (or 3/4 of students). What makes them any different from the others? Also why do you believe teachers deserve their rights more than the student body? Like I have said on here before what makes a 27 year old first year teacher different or more deserving of their right to defend themselves than a 25 year old veteran coming back to school? I am not saying its a completely bad idea its just that everything you stated is already being done at a state level so why repeat it. Its just another level of government restriction on our right to keep ourselves safe. 