#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
"... when given the choice of killing or not killing, is it your choice to kill simply because its quick and easy to do so?..."Any situation which legally and morally requires the use of a firearm is by definition a situation of desperation and last resort. I note that this situation of last resort was created and forced up one or more by an aggressor who is *at that moment* employing deadly force against one or more individuals, who played absolutely no part in this situation of desperation other than merely being there.Now, having said that, there are always one or more factors which must be considered before you, the defender, even draws a weapon.  The 'intelligent' action is that which fits the situation: education, training and calmness under (major) stress are what let you choose your path through a situation in which people have been murdered with very probably more to follow."...or we can put an end to violence in an intelligent way that preserves not only our own life but the life of one's attacker..."There are those who will not engage in any form of dialogue.  For "reasons" known only to them, action - meaning someone else's death - is the only course of action.  There are others (unfortunately), but I point to Virginia Tech as an example."...I thoroughly disagree with the notion of fighting fire with fire..."There are many degrees of this.  A student does not do or turn in his homework.  A zero is entered: not an "A" because he meant well or was bullied as a child.  There are tens of thousands of other examples, but they *all* point to the same things: duty, obligations, agreements and consequences."...A gun is the lazy brute's way out..."A gun is the lazy brute's way out for the aggressor.  For he or she who will oppose the brute whose non-negotiable position is (your) death, a gun is a tool by which to survive and very possibly allow others to survive as well."...If we truly abhor savagery, let us not be savages to make our point..." and "...you lose all the same."Only if you (we) employ the same reasoning(?) and approach as the aggressor.A couple of thoughts here.  In terms of responsibility and duty, carrying a firearm is every bit as weighty as having a family.  Your every action has to be weighed and considered in terms of effects on others.Before you decide to acquire a firearm, look inside yourself.  If you truly believe that should the most awful happen, you won't use it, then don't get one.  You will only give it to a *really* bad person.