#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Adam-The reason we feel the Brady Campaign is pushing for total disarmament is this (forgive me I'm going to give a number of links and explanations):  http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/faqs/?page=sns  note the above first- the brady campaign seeker tighter regulation of the firearms industry with regards to safety. Outwardly it seems like a very reasonable policy, make safe tools for people to use safely. No one would be against such a thing.However, these regulations are already in place, things like transfer bar safeties, drop test requirements, and a variety of other safety features are included in all firearms of modern manufacture. the firearm described by the Brady campaign in that section, with shorter barrel lengths, is actually THE IDEAL handgun for self defense because they lend themselves to actually being carried. eliminating guns with barrel lengths under 3 in eliminates the compact auto and compact revolver market- driving several gun manufacturers completely out of business; despite the fact that their products are very accurate, safe, and useful.I'm not sure if I'm making my point clear, but they are not pushing for the elimination of junk guns, but the total elimination of a style of extremely useful defensive gun utilized heavily by private citizens.then lets look at the assault weapons ban  http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/faqs/?page=awb  besides a number of bans by name, the parameters for the ban eliminate a number of other guns as well. Handguns over 50 oz for instance eliminate a number of excellent hunting pistols (mine included) most importantly however, they ban a number of guns that really aren't used in crimes. In my original post some ways up the 1994 AWB stopped citizens from buying guns that were involved in less than 2% of gun related crimes. NONE of which are easily converted to full auto, despite what the Brady Campaign will say.They also put up wildly inaccurate information. if you look under assault rifles vs hunting rifles, where 'assault rifles are meant to be spray fired from the hip' that is a totally made up assessment. No 'assault rifle' (which for the most part are not available to citizens because a true assault rifle is fully automatic, so already they are dishonest with their naming) is intended to be used in such an inaccurate manner. Ask any military friend what happened if they tried to fire their m16 from the hip. I bet their Drill Instructor gave them a verbal berating they wouldn't soon forget.Also- the difference between a hunting rifle and a assault rifle by their definition, is the stock, magazine, and in some ways the barrel configuration. All of these are readily changeable parts on a firearm. This allows the Brady Campaign to ban hunting rifles just by saying they can be easily converted to assault rifles- allowing them to extend their ban to eliminate virtually all semi-automatic weapons.People can talk about legitimate sporting purposes all they want, but the fact is, I own a number of military style weapons, both rifles and handguns, and am completely safe. To limit my rights on strawman arguments against crimes that frankly have not occurred is a complete disservice to me as a citizen.  http://www.bradycampaign.org/facts/faqs/?page=second  above note the dreaded 'gunshow' loophole.I'll be brief with this section as it is so fraught with error it is insulting to have listed such a thing as fact. To say that a full quarter of gunshow tables do not have gun licenses may be accurate, simply because there are easily that many tables at a gun show NOT selling guns of any sort.