#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
Ses asks a few questions:"1. Where does the present day fear of government come from?"It came from a careful reading of history.  Our founders studied ancient and recent (18th century) history, and realized clearly that the most serious threats to life and liberty ALWAYS come from one's own government, rather than from local criminals or foreign states. Think about all the great atrocities of history.  Most (not all) are committed by governments against their own people.  2. Is it a realistic fear (given the various constitutional mechanisms to prevent the misuse of power)? Constitutional republics like the US go a long way to ameliorating those threats.  We've gone 230 years without major governmental threats to our liberties, and have achieved prosperity unimaginable even a century ago.  But complacency is the enemy.  No one ever worries about a fire until their house burns down.  Besides, one of the constitutional mechanisms to which you allude is the Second Amendment.  You can't praise the Constitution and all it's accomplished and then argue that those accomplishments justify changing the document.  3. Is being armed against hypothetical government oppression worth all the harm caused by the misuse of   firearms   ?"This is the true price of living in a free   society   (and it's high).  Many today argue illogically that the price of living in a free society is that we can't be truly free...that we have to sacrifice certain freedoms (like   guns  ) in order to enjoy the other freedoms without fear.  This is a false choice.  Freedom requires constant vigilance, and never becomes something to be taken for granted.  It we must always be willing to pay for it.  The cost of MY freedom is that I must acknowledge yours, even when you do things I don't like with it (like owning guns).  And please remember.  The VAST majority of gun owners NEVER hurt anyone.  To take away our right just because a few abuse that right would be like repealing the First Amendment because some people abuse their right to speak freely.  It would be to treat ALL gun owners as if we were guilty until proved innocent.  And that is anathema in a free society...no matter the practical benefit.  