#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I personally, feel I have a responsibility to keep firearms in such a manner as not to intrigue children. My brother has several young ones, and we have 2 large safe's to house our guns. When they are old enough to understand, each of the children will have guns explained to them, their capabilities and safe handling. I think you need to demystify guns to prevent youth endangerment. these few "accidental" deaths of children (pools kill more kids by the way, I think thats on the CDC website) I believe occur because no one took the time to sit little johnny or susie down and say this is mommy or daddy's gun. this is how it works and this is why you shouldn't touch it. if you want to see it, ask mom or dad, and we'll make it safe for you to understand.the ballistics primer- those aren't watered down for civilians, thats really the capability of the platform. You take an AR-15 from me, from your local military base, or your local PD and thats what it'll do.as for your capacity restriction question- again more random facts, most states do have capacity restrictions for game hunting, and for a rifle it is usually 5 rounds. I'm not preaching, just making you aware of it.why should civilians have the right to higher capacity magazines? I apologize, but I'm not sure where to find the #s of shootings where x number of rounds is fired in a concise package. My guess is the FBI has it somewhere, but who knows how long that will take to tease out. Anyway- what I'm going for is there are many many violent assaults each year where multiple criminals attack, beat, rape, and kill. Even if your local PD has a fantastic response time of 2 minutes- 2 minutes is a long time to keep many individuals at bay while you retreat and try to get you and yours to safety.finally a note on 50 caliber rifles- They've never been used in a crime. The caliber has been around for nearly a 100 or so years give or take. It doesn't get used in crimes. rifles in that caliber start around 2000 dollars. ammunition is several dollars per round. Its not going to be picked up on the black market as a hot item to commit crimes with. It's just not. also you wanna ban 50 cal weapons? by doing so you ban many blackpowder/musket style rifles, which are extremely popular for traditional hunters and marksmen. if you ban 50+ cal weapons, you pretty much make every gun in the revolutionary war illegal. Also- 12 gauge shotguns, with a nominal bore diameter of nearly .7 inches, would also become illegal.basically your spelling death to much of the current level of north American hunting. Not sure if thats what you want, but thats what it would be. You'd be outlawing so much, to prevent something that has never been misused, from continuing to not be misused.I'm sorry for all the car analogies, but I feel like its an easy to understand parallel. Thats like banning cars because some cars go over 200 mph. Sure no one goes over 200 mph on your street, but in theory, with enough money, someone could- so lets just get rid of all automobiles and go to mopeds.