#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.
#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
What's the government made of? People. What's the military made of? People. What's all of America made of? People. If we can trust our government and military with automatic weapons, tanks, and explosives to defend our country, why is it we can't rely on the people of America to defend themselves?There is only ONE cop for every 2000 people in the U.S. I believe. Congress itself said that it is not their duty to defend us as individuals, only as a whole, which is unapplicable when it comes to a robbery, rape, or murder.Every human has the right to live. However, a "human" with a sick intent of murdering, raping, and maiming with long list of such words, is hardly what I would call a human. I call them a monster. Think, do you believe Hitler had a right to live? What about the 911 terrorists? What about Seung-Hui Cho, who laughed as he shot his victims at Virginia Tech?The average response time for cops is a minimum of 5 minutes, with no definite maximum quota. It only takes about 5 seconds for a crime to happen, and much less for someone to be stabbed or shot to death.Wouldn't you think if criminals have guns, you should in fact have one to defend yourself should you ever become a victim? You anti-gun people bash on gun owners who prey on the defenseless people. You, as a person against guns, are in fact helpless too, but you do not have to be. It is not complicated, guns do not take superior skill to use if they make murder so easy. I'm part of a shooting program, and in only 3 hours they taught kids as young as 7 how to safely handle weapons, and never in the 50+ years it's been around has there been an accident.Someone once told me, "If you give the criminal what he wants, he won't kill you." Yeah really, as if EVERY criminal was after your money. Criminals have different intents, anywhere from your money to your life. Your life is a potential target no matter what the intent is. Would you rather be mangled, mutilated, and murdered or have to explain why you shot that thug in the chest? Do not misinterpret this, but there are criminals that exist who do not wish to even harm someone. However, what right and reason would they have to steal from you, scare you, threaten your life, and maybe even kill you?Another thing someone told me, "Dude you have no chance without a gun, even with one you only have about a 3% chance." Bullsh*t. Even if it really was a 3% chance, I think I'd rather have that 3% chance to live than nothing, even the smallest percent is MORE THAN ENOUGH.If guns are banned, do any of you think criminals or "law abiding" citizens will abide by it?Though they may be faulty, some criminals know how to manufacture their own guns. Despite being faulty, they are still guns, and they can still kill. Therefore, in a society with outlawed weapons, a massive black market will arise with criminally manufactured weapons and weapons that already exist. The same thing is going on for marijuana, cocaine, and meth, and the method of sale and purchase is no different for guns. How? Because drugs are illegal, and if guns are too, then they will just be circulated the exact same way.Clearly we can't trust our the people and criminals with guns, but we can trust them to follow the laws? We would ultimately create more criminals because a majority of the 90 million gun owners like myself would not abide by it.If guns are banned, it wouldn't prevent suicide. People will just start hanging themselves or drive off a cliff. I don't believe everyone should have a gun. Law-abiding citizens who know how to use it should. By no means should anyone who is mentally insane, a felon, or simply ignorant be able to use one. Keep in mind anti-gun people complain about accidents or tragedies that happen because someone didn't know how to use a gun. You are, in fact, one of those people who does not know how to use a gun. Therefore, you are helpless, ignorant, and have no right to tell people who do know how to use guns what to do.