#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
So here's one point we clearly disagree on - if the majority of your students don't want you armed in the classroom they are sharing with you, then I believe you shouldn't be armed. I would extend that to a city, state or nation. Guns allow people to perpetrate violence and kill other people on a large scale and with little effort. Their utility to   society   is negligible compared to anything else that kills at the same rate and yes, I'm assuming the "millions" of self-assessed crimes prevented by gun owners are in fact not real and that the true number is much, much lower. Since the most significant effect of your gun is on the people around you I think they get to make the call.My analogy of arming everybody was to refute your logic that we need a new approach to stop school shootings and that approach is to allow students to be armed at school. At some point funding the   police   better was also raised but didn't seem to get much airtime so I focused on why arming a civilian population, especially   college   students, was a bad idea. In general most people's judgment, even those people that pass a background check, shouldn't be used to decide who gets shot. There are alot of people I'd like to see use their drivers license as well, but luckily   cars   have been designed to not kill people. The exact opposite is true of   guns  . The "cars kill alot of people so why not ban them?" argument also tries to make an object with high social utility and some harmful side effects like a car equivalent to an object designed to kill people. All the drivers I've ever encountered have never tried to argue that the lethal ability of their car will deter   crime   and everyone should rest easier knowing they can run over anyone they sense is a criminal threat. Yet somehow you argue your personal ability to kill people with a gun should be protected because it involves the same level of judgment as operating a car.Please take the foreign country examples to their logical conclusion. No developed country (those with a reasonable chance to enforce things like a ban on   gun sales  ) has a gun or violent crime rate even approaching the US. The UK, Germany and Australia are all good examples. In the short term economic factors drive crime much more than gun ownership rates. And I'm sure stabbings went up as gun availability went down. I'd have to argue India, Mexico and South Africa are all developing countries where the rule of   law   is still evolving. You should measure their effectiveness of collecting   taxes  , enforcing building codes and stopping corruption while you're at it.