#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
Please Please Please go do some research before you post such things that are so incorrect and full of fallacies and misconceptions. I am going to attempt to answer your assumptions one at a time. First you have to be 21 to obtain a Concealed Weapons Permit(CWP) so having 20 year-olds isn't going to happen. As for the next 7 or so small paragraphs, I am sorry you feel like you would do this if you owned or carried a gun but as history shows us none of the scenarios you listed have happened ever. CWP holders carry everywhere off campus so why does the imaginary line of crossing on campus suddenly make everyone irresponsible and basically stupid? This stuff doesn't happen off campus so why would it mysteriously happen on campus. As for the drinking how many times have you gone drunk to class? I know I never have and nor as anyone I know. I obviously don't know the number of CWP holders in the US to assume there are enough to have multiple CWP holders at one place during one shooting and them take each other out(again never happened anywhere off campus so why will it happen on campus). In the US there are about 1 CWP holder out of every 100 citizens. For the 21-30 age group that is much lower in the range of 1 in 300. So in your largest lecture class of 300+ students you statistically might have 1 CWP holder carrying a weapon for self defense. In your next section you state instances several times of   guns   just going off. I have been working with   firearms   for a long time and I also am an instructor and I can tell you will all certainty there is no presently built firearm that just goes off. Companies go out of their way to make sure a firearm cant just go off, almost all new firearms also have drop safeties so you could throw it out a car at 100mph and it still wouldn't go off(it would ruin a perfectly good handgun tho). I am seeing in your writing that you have a genuine fear of firearms and I am sorry for that, I really suggest you go to a local range and go talk to the people there about possibly taking a class so you can better understand firearms and their use because you really don't understand them now. As for the becoming desensitized to gunshots, first all of your other scenarios are completely baseless so you wouldn't have this massive increase of gunfire anyways, but even if you did(never would happen) most people don't know what sound a firearm really makes anyways. They assume it is a car backfiring or a firecracker. As for allowing teachers to carry and not students what is the difference between a first year teacher and a 26 year old Iraq veteran going back to school? Why or how is the teacher better qualified than the student? Ok so after watching your so called video evidence it makes sense that you have a distorted view of reality please visit   http://www.concealedcampus.org/common_arguments.php   to get a dose of reality.  You obviously don't understand firearms or their owners so I am not going to spend any more time on you. Please just do some research before you post any other fantasy scenario that has/would never happen. 