#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
I have a couple of questions on the statistics here, as it is not clear to me. First, does the DOJ include the 1.5M defensive uses in their calculations even if the   crime   is prevented, but still reported? For example, a gun owner pulls his gun in self defense, the perp runs, but the gun owner still reports it? Also, what about the   legal   use of a firearm to that injures or kills a perp, so the crime doesn't actually get committed? This would affect the overall statistics. I didn't read the whole PDF, so I'm not sure.Second, if there are 360M people in the U.S., how does 1.5M defensive uses per year equate to one use by every citizen every five years? (1.5M X 5 = 7.5M, unless my calculator is broke). You can't include the entire population in one statistic and only a portion in another and then try to compare them. You are saying that 62.64M people are victims of crime, but forgetting that not all of them use their weapon in defense.The actual percentage of victims that use their   firearms   in defense is around 2%, according the statistics you quoted (1.5M defensive uses / 62.64M crimes committed = 0.0239 or approximately 2%). That is, of course, assuming that all defensive uses are reported and included in the statistic of crimes committed. The assumption that gun possession keeps you safer is not false. 40% of criminals say they would not attack someone they believe to be armed. That equates to   guns   being a deterrent.And if there are 1500 accidental gun deaths per year on average but there are 1.5M (or approximately 1,000 times more) defensive gun uses per year, how exactly am I more likely kill myself or a loved one with my gun? I admit I was poor at math in school, so maybe you can help me there.And according to CDC statistics accidental deaths of ALL types rank 5th in the U.S. as a cause of death, with firearms being 8th among accidental deaths. That's pretty far down the chain. How about we focus on the first 4 causes of death, and then the first 7 causes of accidental death? That would reduce the mortality rate in this country significantly, while focusing on   gun control   would barely be a drop in the bucket.At the risk of repeating myself, don't confuse LEGAL gun ownership and use with ILLEGAL gun ownership and use. Those that possess a carry permit in the U.S. commit crimes at a much lower rate than the general population, even lower than   police  . For example, Florida has 1.5M carry permit holders, and have revoked 166 of them since 1996. That's about 0.01%. If only the rest of the general population was that   law  -abiding. The statistics for the rest of the country are similar, but this is one I knew off the top of my head.