#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
The idea that "communities should be able to decide"--How far does that go, or does local rule only apply to the second amendment?  Was it interference of ideologically-driven outsiders when civil rights organizers came from halfway across the country to try to end racial segregation?  Does the city get to forbid a Muslim Mosque?  There is a pretty clear divide between lawful gun owners and criminals.  The ones that will be stopped by a law aren't the ones you need worry about--they will obey the existing laws against murder and assault.   The ones who will murder and assault aren't going to obey gun laws, either.  I keep seeing statements that the Brady Campaign and their associates won't violate the fundamental right to bear arms, but I have never seen a statement of what guns we would have left, if the Brady Campaign were completely successful.    I suspect .22 bolt-action rifles, .410 shotguns and not much else. All of the following have been proposed as "reasonable restrictions":The assault weapons ban covered guns that held too much ammo, or looked scary. It covered handguns that were too large and heavy.  It regulated bayonet mounts and the way the wood was carved.   It forbid handguns that were too large, or that held their magazines in front of the grip, or that were called "Uzi".   The Gun Control Act of 1967 covered imported Saturday Night Specials that working class people could afford.   Several localities have extended that restriction to domestically produced guns with the same features and design.  Guns .50 caliber and larger are "too powerful" and "used to bring down airplanes". A ban on "cop killer" bullets capable of penetrating police body armor.  Many people not familiar with the details would think that these are all reasonable restrictions.  However: The Glock models 17 and 22 are the standard full-sized handgun that many police departments issue. They are large enough that many departments issue the slightly smaller models 19 and 23 instead.  All of these guns, as carried by tens of thousands of policemen were covered by the now expired assault weapons ban--"too big" for civilians to carry unless you used special reduced capacity magazines.  Oddly, they are also covered by the 1967 law--Glock has to put click-adjustable sights on them to get enough "points" so they are not classified as a "Saturday Night Special" or "Junk Gun".   The click sighs are generally replaced by the original versions by the importer before sale.  If these guns are simultaneously too big and too small, what is left in between? The "cop killer" rules would ban ALL common rifle ammunition except .22 rimfire.  The standard body armor as worn by police is only meant to protect against handguns--in order to protect against rifle with current technology, the armor would need to be far bulkier than it is.   Some of the laws that are promoted as banning the .50BMG also cover revolutionary war flintlock muskets, and all common shotguns except the .410.  There is usually an exception for shotguns "particularly suitable for sporting purposes" as decided by some bureaucrat-- But we promise this won't be used to take *your* shotgun, honest. . Hollow point ammo is "so deadly it is forbidden to be used in warfare", and therefore not suitable.  Jacketed ammo is "too military".  To me, gun rights represent freedom and self-reliance rather than subservience.  They do not represent the right to use my gun to get my way--If I use a gun or the threat of one to win an argument, I should be prosecuted and go to jail.  I already have the power to take life.  The gun gives me the power to protect life and liberty.  