#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
 The question of what they mean to Americans is simple in my experience. It is a matter of taking care of yourself. I do not rely on the government to feed me, drive me to work, tell me what to believe, what to read  or what to say so why should I rely on them to protect me? I grew up in the Long Beach and Los Angeles area and I was in college there during the Rodney King Riots and I can tell you that the people who fared the best were the ones who were armed and made sure the looters knew it! I grew up in a household that had many firearms (some of which were fully automatic as my father was with the Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement for 30 years). Not once were they ever misused. When the night fell and we could see the fires we readied our arms and kept vigil through the night in case the rioters came near. The police could not help us if someone showed up (the police did a valiant job but were horribly outnumbered). It was up to us and we all knew it. The only restriction I agree with is that automatics should be licensed because in the hands of the unskilled they can have unintended consequence. I do not have a problem with hi-cap mags though as they level the playing field when a civilian comes up against full auto firing felons. I do not believe the police should use full auto either as you should only shoot as quickly as you can aim. Criminals do not have to account for every shot they fire but police do. Give them hi-cap semis just like we civilians have. I have had extensive experience with full auto but would prefer a semi in a fire fight. I worry when the government starts telling me what I can and can not have. They say they want to get guns out of the hands of the criminals, well so do I! But how is limiting the rights of law abiding people going to do that? Criminals break the law - that is why they are called criminals. I would rather have everyone in a room be armed than only have the criminals have weapons. 