#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
The dissenting jurists based their opinions on a vast ignorance of, or worse yet, ignoring of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. I was educated in the public and private school system in the 1950s and 1960s. I was taught the Second Amendment was meant to overthrow tyrants, if it ever came to that. The petulant whining of Nancy Pelosi et al, only serves to display their true agenda. To rule. It's not about guns, it's about control. I have never seen a bigger bunch of freedom-hating clowns in one place than we have in Washington today. They are a bigger threat to freedom than al qaeda and the taliban combined.  Why are murders with guns always highest in places with the strictest gun control? The brady bunch always has to lie to get their message out. They know the light of truth ALWAYS cancels out their lies. Here is what some of the men who wrote our Founding Documents had to say about guns. James Madison wrote, "Americans have the right and advantage of being armed; unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." (The Federalist, No. 46 at 243- 244)Thomas Jefferson wrote, "No Free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." (Thomas Jefferson, Proposal to Virginia Constitution, 1 T. Jefferson Papers, 334, [C.J. Boyd, Ed., 1950] )George Washington wrote, "A free people ought ... to be armed ...." (George Washington, speech of Jan. 7, 1790, in the Boston Independent Chronicle, Jan. 14, 1790)Samuel Adams wrote, "The Constitution shall never be construed ... to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms." (Samuel Adams, Debates and Proceedings in the Convention of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, 86-87)Finally, Thomas Paine wrote, "Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property ... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them." (Thomas Paine, Thoughts On Defensive War, 1775)These dissenting jurors obviously have an anti-freedom agenda and the only thing that stands between the wannabe tyrants and their goal is "WE THE PEOPLE", you know, the ones mentioned throughout those sacred documents. In 1967, I took an oath to 'protect and defend the Constitution from all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC' and I intend to honor that sacred oath. 