#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
Unfortunately, Paul Helmke has such a proclivity for stretching the truth or outright lying, that I can hardly bring myself to believe that he ever shot at the YMCA.  The only reason I could believe it is that he grew up in Indiana where they actually honor the Second Amendment to the Untied States Constitution for the most part.  Paul Helmke says, "Guns are always going to be available to law-abiding citizens.  But we can take steps to make it harder for dangerous people to get dangerous weapons."  Unfortunately Mr. Helmke is not being completely honest here.  What he leaves out is that SOME guns will always be available to law-abiding citizens (unless we at the Brady Campaign have our way).  If you look at the Brady Campaign's history they have always supported gun bans, and such severe restrictions and taxes, that guns would only be available to the richest Americans.  Please take a look at the laws on the books, all 20,000 or more and tell me if there is anything that should be illegal for someone to do with a gun that is not already illegal.  Once you have done that, ask yourself, "Why doesn't the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence focus on preventing gun violence?"  They could easily do this by lobbying for harsher punishment of people who buy guns for someone who is not legally allowed to (commonly called straw purchasers), and by arresting people for attempting to buy guns when they are ineligible and they know it (like a felon trying to buy a gun to commit yet another crime). If they focused on these things along with educated children on what to do when they find a gun, they might actually accomplish their stated purpose... reducing gun violence.  They won't do those things because they WANT gun violence to be high so that they can continue to push banning guns and further restricting guns so that fewer and fewer people own them.  The Brady Campaign has no shame in its push to ban so-called "Assault Weapons" which are really just semi-automatic guns, no different, and in fact less powerful than 90% of hunting rifles, because they claim that these rifles are only used for mass killings and assaults.  The problem with that logic is that less than 1% of all gun related crime is committed with these so-called "assault weapons".  So obviously when the Brady Campaign says that all they want is logical compromise, what they really mean is outright bans on all guns, except those that they personally approve of.  -Matt