#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
 You don't need a permit to have a gun at a keg party. Why do people keep going back to the keg party thing when talking about carrying on   campus  ? It has nothing to do with anything. These would be 21 year old students that are carrying in Walmart(then maybe go to a keg party). Then maybe going out to eat while carrying (then maybe go to a keg party). Then go home carrying, (Then maybe go to a keg party). Then maybe GO TO CLASS carrying ( then maybe go to a keg party).. Whats the difference here? These   kids   are doing all of this already. It's illegal to carry while drinking. Most people dont "flash their   guns   around" Why is it that everywhere else they carry, they act responsibly, but if they carry on campus they're gonna "go off". Plenty of college kids dont even drink and most are ACTUALLY ADULTS WITH COMMON SENSE.  If anyone with a permit gets caught drinking while carrying, they can have thier license revoked. Once you have that permit, you dont want to do anything to risk loosing it. Conceal carriers are 6 times LESS likely to commit a   crime   than someone without a permit. Its a fact. Most people that argue against carrying are just uninformed. It only takes about 30 minutes with Mr Google to get the facts. Do you trust a cop firing back at a killer? The fact is, most conceal weapon carriers can out shoot a cop. We practice more than cops do. Cops only have to qualify with their weapon once a year. Some practice very little in betwwen time. Most conceal carriers practice atleast once a month. If my child was sitting in a classroom with the doors barricaded and there was a man with a gun coldly shooting people, you damned right I'd hope someone, ANYONE, would be there to save my daughters life. Even better, MY DAUGHTER BE GIVEN THE RIGHT TO DEFEND HER OWN LIFE on campus and anywhere else she may be. To all that doubt this, i ask that you do research and see the facts. Not studies by the NRA, but by the states, ATF studies etc. 