#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
"This is my work and my glory to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man." (Moses 1:39)If we come to know not only that God exists but who He is and what our potential is, it would put this small moment in eternity we call life in perspective.  Imagine a string pulled from New York to Las Angeles.  Now imagine a pin inserted in that string somewhere in the middle, say Nebraska.  That pin is to represent this earth life.  The possibility of eternal life back in our heavenly home is an "actual implication" and a very important one.    I am Christian and therefore, an "actual implication" is the importance of the vicarious sacrifice of Jesus Christ; the great and last sacrifice.  To me the existence of God is tied directly to Jesus Christ.  This is vitally important because of the next point.I personally think one reason in the doubt concerning our Heavenly Father's existence is his communication with man sometimes being overlooked.  Yes He could, in a booming voice, speak to all nations and there would be none left with excuse (believe it or not, that day is coming).  However, instead He calls Holy and True Prophets such as the ones we read of in the Holy Bible.  If He had ever called a Prophet, he will continue to call Prophets.  There is a true Prophet of God on earth today.  No, not the kind that mutter blabberings in downtown New York, or the kind that make people drink purple koolaid.  There are, and have been, many prophets that have led souls unto God and to His will; which is to trust in Him (in word, and ACTION [Faith]), to come to know His begotten son Jesus Christ, to repent (change, turn from sin or unjustice), to pray to Him, and follow the path that would lead back to His presence and to receive as a "...joint heir with Christ..."  (Rom 8:16)The implication of Gods existence is this:  if we believe in God means we must allow Him to become involved in our lives, changing it, giving specific commandments, approving or disapproving. While He that believes not, keeps God distant; "out of their Hair".  Forget everything I've said, kneel down right now and ask God, our Heavenly Father, out loud, if he exists and what you'd do differently if He did.  I promise you that if you ask with Trust (you will act upon the answer He gives you), being sincere of Heart, He will answer you.  He did for me so clearly and far beyond sight that I am left with no doubt.  Thats the test; far better that seeking an answer from man.  Because those answers change; He remains constant.  If he does remain constant, thats another important implication for you.  Boy, do I get excited about this topic.  Just try the experiment, let God enter.     