#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
There are a lot of arguments about the existence of GOD. Some try to prove scientifically and logically. What we need to know is that GOD is so much much bigger (beyond our imagination) than what we can think of. We cannot limit GOD with our (limited and simple) mind. GOD creates everything, there is no way that the created being can think about the CREATOR. In a simple analogy we can put it this way, a computer programme cannot explain about the programmer unless the programmer put it in the programme he or she wrote. The same way is with our GOD, unless GOD reveals to us (humankind), there is no way we know or understand about GOD. The other thing that we need to know, we live in a different dimension from GOD. For this reason we cannot enter the other dimensions. Talking about poverty, sickness and all the problems in this world we cannot avoid not to talk about sins. To explain about this we need to refer to the original sin (as what is written in the Bible in the book of Genesis). As we know, GOD so loves the world that HE has given HIS only begotten Son to die for humankind. From here we can see that GOD wants every single human being to be saved from "the dead" (eternal separation from GOD). When GOD walked on this earth in form of humankind like us, HE also experienced all the sufferings known to this world. So, HE perfectly knows about this. Another thing we need to know is that life is more than "walking" on this planet (which is only a very small fraction of the "real" life - in the life after). After all if we really want to know about GOD, we simply need to ask GOD to reveal HIMSELF to us so that we can understand what is beyond our (limited and simple) mind.By the way, if you are interested in knowing about this futher, based on my experience, there is an excellent book that explain clearly. The name of the book is "The Progress of Redemption: The Story of Salvation from Creation to the New Jerusalem" by Willem Vangemeren (you can look at the internet).Finally, what I can say, if we really ask and humble ourselves, GOD will definitely reveal HIMSELF to us in HIS own way.