#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
I'm sorry you have so much disbelief. Obviously you put a lot of energy to justify in your own-self about any faith towards God. I'm just going dispute some of the comments about if the world would be better of if Christians where gone. All I have to say is think of a places in the world where there is no God and you will only see death, poverty and despair. The evolution is a farce. Do you remember the cover of national geographic when they had a ape like skull saying that they have found the missing link. Of course that was found out to be a fraud. Point I'm making is, all you have to do is look around and look at the perfect order of nature the extreme complexity and to not even think that there is a creator designer behind it that it is just a mere coincidence. It's just stupid to think that all you are is just a piece of walking flesh do to the fact that evolution is the only reason you are here. And that all of nature with it's perfect order is because. Just look up the number of charities and the number is overwhelmingly Christian based probably the number would be actually more because a lot of them are but are afraid of persecution from Church and State laws.You have denial issues I think deep down you really feel that all of these things are possible but you have chosen to block it out and harden yourself for the truth.You know what makes me laugh is that you have Agnostic historians looking in the bible for references to help them find ancient cities and places. Take Troy for example just to name one out the dozens. They thought it was a myth until they discovered it referenced passages out of the bible to help them. Dude totally have taken the whole 9/11 thing to far. Pretty insulting of course I don't believe those you said. All I was saying is that we have been relatively safe as a nation and my faith believes that yes God does protect us nothing wrong with that. Bad things do happen no matter what trials and tribulations are a part of life.As far as using you storied and other quotes from people and Tibet tribes whatever. I don't care what they think. I don't look to others to convince me of what I know and believe I question man when I hear a preacher or someone else taking about their Ideas. All I know is that there is a God and creator of us and everything. It's my own personal believe. Shame on those missionaries for using a lame story about that which is not true. If they where Mormon that would sound like a BS story from them.