#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Lol.. low level debate. Thanks luv, now I know it is actually good.Ideally we should refrain from emitting moral judgments when we don't have enough informationSo how much is enough information?? Do we actually know enough about anything to make the right choice?? You can only make a 100% correct judgement once you know EVERYTHING.. not just about one thing, but everything about everything... i.e. omnipotence. Because with that knowledge you would know the reaction to your action 100%.When religious people seek answers in prayer, the answer has a high chance of just being a subjective personal intuition. If religious people would really look for answers they would have to start by first questioning the very existence of god, and requiring proof.Ofcourse it MIGHT be subjective personal intuition. Someone would only every give their opinion. If somebody came and asked you about God, don't tell me you'd say He exists... or give strong points to His existance. In the same way youve got as much subjective personal intuition.. even though I know you like to think you don't. Religious people tend to be religious after having looked at answers or accepting answers. Nobody is religious without thinking about it atleast once in their lifetime.Slavery - You're telling me it's wrong?The economical benefits they provide.. manual labour.. make lives easier for their owners etc. I'm not one to agree with it.. but you con't tell me there's no positives to slavery.I do not agree with it, not because of some "personal ideology" but because I believe all human beings to be equalContradiction. Believing all human beings are equal is an ideology.In your example of a country that bans homosexuality, I would also find that rather disgusting - how can it be right to judge a person by what he/she does in bed? are they harmful to society? how?It's disgusting to you?? Homosexuality itself is disgusting to me. Not because of God or what my parents say. Again when it comes to gayness.. my reasoning will seem absurd and easily arguable.. but I think I'm right when it comes to it. But YOU reasoning that people should be able to do whatever they want to aslong as they think it doesn't affect anybody is selfishness to the maximum.I'm a bigot huh? you're obviously completely tolerant of religious people. It's a shame.. I thought you were intelligent at the start.