#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Even though I'm against abrahimic religions, I still respect them and find it insulting that they're thought to be as deranged as cults.Obviously you should do the same when choosing your religion. I haven't really got a problem with athiests except when they think they're intellectually superior because they're athiest. They think that only ignorant and stupid people believe in God, and smart person knows that holds no basis, but it's different to say 'there is no God' than saying 'I do not believe in God'. Same goes to theists who say 'there is God' rather than saying 'I believe in God'.Thing about being more educated, it doesn't mean more common sense, which in that video you showed yourself, people are loosing these days. I would say in general the way people are educated, raised these days, they don't have much common sense. That I would say is more important than any education in the world.My argument about the extra inter-species breeding, part lion shit is to do with today's mentality of 'if he wants to, then he should' or 'if it doesn't hurt anybody...' etc. It's a downward spiral that will only lead further and further from the strict 'man and woman have sex for kids'. A bit of leeway is ok. But in todays society... homosexuals? transvestites? transexuals? zoophilia? necrophilia? Where does it stop?? There isn't a limit because we're loosing morals to 'science' or i would say 'freedom'. Right now, zoophilia might be looked down upon, but give it a few years and it will be today's transexuality. Understand that freedom isn't always a good thing. It comes with it's negatives.You're right about that Jesus camp thing. That is brainwashing and I think a lot of Christians themselves would be against it, but it is not God who inhibits the ability to decide for yourselves, but he definately gives the best path and it is for us to decide whether or not to take it, but in the end karma always comes back around. If you have lived a good life (whether or not you believe in God) you will be rewarded and if you have lived a bad life (whether or not you believe in God) you will be punished.It's not ignorance if you agree with God or to have faith in God's word. Take me for example. I know that we would live in a much better world without alcohol, yet I drink it myself. People argue against drinking it. At best people say it should be drunk responsibly. I personally agree with that, yet in my religion you shouldn't drink any. I've had many bad experiences with alcohol.. I'm pretty sure everybody who has drunk it has. Now, would you be better off without alcohol or with it? I SAY without it, yet ACT with it. It's not just God said so... but He is right? Same with smoking (except I don't really smoke).