#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
Take the sweetest, most doting   church   lady. She feeds the ducks, gives every penny to her fellow humans in need, is always ready to help, has the nicest smile and everybody loves her. If such a lady bears witness of a loving   god  , you'd almost want to believe her. If she says "god forgives everyone" you nod and know there isn't such a horrendous thing as hell, and you feel safe and comforted and know there is something better after all.However for every ten sweet church ladies and uncles - I can show you several hundred complete drooling nutjobs, hypocrites, maniacs, racists, ranting sociopaths, populists, demagogues, liars, cheats, swindlers, irredeemable bastards, elitists, political monstrosities, xenophobe reactionaries, wolves in sheeps clothing, pedophyles, predators, thieves, fascists, warmongers, stormcrows, and much much worse. At some point I have to conclude there is a wide   diversity   of humanity, and if this testament is any indicator of a all-knowing, merciful, all-powerful deity, the image has become fragmented and is less coherent than the flimsiest of fata morgana. I can not know of this deity through human beings, nor of word of mouth or claimed   morality  , or pretense, or firm conviction, or force of arguments. None of the above hold promise as would a desert vision of an oasis provide me with any promise or guidance. In fact, it warns me. The acts of humans, separated from the few church saints that confirm the rule, is that those of god are untrustworthy, deceitful and immoral, by whatever standard I wish to envision. I can see so much possibilities, variants and things in this universe and thejob title of "god" loses all meaning in a greater context. Every glance on the universe makes me pause more, wonder more. There is mystery, there is a lot unknown - but the parochial, contrived  monstrosity is only a testament to humanities fear and groveling submission to dictators and tyrants, and not to the faerie tale reality of a benevolent god. It is saddening then, that so many people stay mired in this paradigm and with all their faculties cannot escape the clutches of what almost certainly is a deranged misconception of historic proportions. As I see human beings persist in their groveling for a menacing fata morgana, I feel nothing less than pity and disgust. These are all nothing but infants terrified that daddy is going to hit them and send them to the cellar for having been bad. 