#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes it is
#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
Hey "Hostile"—How's it going? Very well, I hope.You're absolutely right on your first point. You can't believe in God "just in case"... He won't be mocked or fooled.Gosh, I'd hate to worship a flying spaghetti monster, wouldn't you? All that sauce... Oye. Your faith in God wouldn't be wrong, believe me. The Holy Bible is not based on evidence but is backed by evidence, and is an historic book of eyewitness testimonies and fulfilled prophecies and is based on reason. Hinduism and Buddhism, are based on an experiential enjoyment or satisfaction with the text or gods they offer. They do not point to a consistent creator or faith. This is why faith in Egyptian and Mayan gods passed away. Islam took its text from the Bible, said "Jesus is great, but He's not God" (an illogical argument), "we like Mohammed better" and altered it to suit themselves, something strictly forbidden by the very Bible they took from? Therefore, Mohammed was a false prophet. And Judaism is where Christianity stems from—the two are forever tied to one another.How can one be truly good and deny the creator of his very life? How can God be selfish if He gave you life? Selfishness to me, seems to be the one who lacks respect or gratitude to the one who gives him everything. Would your mother be considered self-centered if you disowned her and wouldn't acknowledge her existence but still had the audacity to want to use her house?God makes Himself known to all—through eyewitness testimony, His word (which has been distributed to just about every tribe, nation, and culture in the world through missionaries for just this purpose), through revelation, through testimony, and through dreams and visions and miracles... All will be shown a way to Him.If one believes in Him, and is an "_sshole"—then that person either needs to get help from a pastor or psychologist, or ask his/herself if he/she TRULY believes. If one wants to, they can repent. If one prefers being an "_sshole," then that person has made his/her choice.Believing in God does help you follow "the rules" better if one is actually following Christ's example, but people do fall short, and all men, not just unbelievers, are guilty of sinning.