#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Since there is no scientific evidence to prove a "god's" existence, and most stories and ideas about "god" have been proven wrong over the course of history, it is safe to say that there more than likely is no "god," and if there is, he, she or it likely doesn't care about humanity. Therefore it is detrimental for societies to believe in "god" for 2 main reasons: 1: It gives people who "speak for god" absolute power and infallibility in the eyes of their followers, and 2: It causes people to react based on emotions as opposed to reason.1. Those who believe that their leaders are under "god's" guidance and are therefore all powerful and infallible put themselves under the yoke of authoritarianism. Though authoritarianism can be achieved without belief in "god," religion is certainly a tool in the authoritarian arsenal as either a means of oppression, i.e: the Spanish Inquisition; or as a means of persecution, i.e: Soviet Russia/Nazi Germany. Erasing "god" from the minds of people allows them more freedom in their thoughts and actions. It should be up to the individual to decide what his or her personal moral boundaries and beliefs are. People should not be influenced by religion or "god" because they end up supporting what they are told to support as opposed to what they would support on their own.2. Belief in "god" causes people to respond to difficult situations with emotion rather than logic, i.e: the Crusades/ fundamentalist Islamic terrorist organizations. Though not all conflicts stem from beliefs in "god," many do, and the world would be better off with fewer reasons for people to fight. Karl Marx said that religion is the opium of the people. It causes the individual to feel a certain way without taking into account his or her personal opinions. It gives people ideas for irrational plans in dealing with their problems as opposed to logical problem solving strategies. Islamic terrorism is a great example. Much of the animosity Muslim extremists feel towards the West is due to the West's support of Israel. They fight back with car bombs and suicide bombers, when peace talks would be much more effective in supporting their case.