#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
  Is their a Creator or not?  Sometimes I feel we debating vast topics such as this, the first creation and original divine purpose is much like two ants walking a beach arguing how many grains of sand there are and how they got there.  They thought the earth was round once you know.  All we know by way of science is by experimental.  If there was a God, you'd think there'd be a better way.  There is.  A witness far better than sight.  If I may, I'd like to step aside the intellectual bottleneck and offer this simple idea:  You can judge a lifestyle by its effects like you can judge a tree by its good or bad fruit.  To believe there is no God is to believe in no afterlife because when brain functions end, thats it.  End of story.  How utterly pointless would it all be then.  Whats the point?  There would be none.  On the contrary however, if there is God, lets say our Heavenly Father, then there is no end with ceasing of simple brain function.  There is much more beyond the veil of our understanding, and we can peak through and know if we are willing to receive it and and act upon it.    Another idea is this:  Here I am in this body, there you are in yours.  That is no accident.  There are trillions of living things on this earth.  Plants, Bacteria, Animals, etc.  But, here you are as a human being with the capacity to think, reason and act; free will.  The apes didn't have that.  I've never heard of an ape committing suicide yet Humans do it all the time sadly.  I testify that God lives.  He is active in our lives and he does manifest himself to us.  He has to me and I'm not crazy.  There, you have my witness; dont believe just because you haven't had the same, because at some time we all will have that experience and all will know the truth.  I dont understand all things but this I know.  Heres the words of an ancient prophet, see if this is a good answer for those requesting a sign: "43 And now Korihor said unto Alma: If thou wilt show me a asign, that I may be convinced that there is a God, yea, show unto me that he hath power, and then will I be convinced of the truth of thy words.  "44 But Alma said unto him: Thou hast had signs enough; will ye tempt your God? Will ye say, Show unto me a sign, when ye have the testimony of aall these thy brethren, and also all the holy prophets? The scriptures are laid before thee, yea, and all things denote there is a God; yea, even the bearth, and call things that are upon the face of it, yea, and its dmotion, yea, and also all the eplanets which move in their regular form do witness that there is a Supreme Creator."You'll be surprised at the answers you can find:   http://www.mormon.org   /