#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
I have the same respect for abrahamic religions as I do for cults. Why? I put them on the same level as I think that people's opinions should be respected. And to me, religion, whether cult-ish or not, is nothing more than an opinion of how the world works or how it should work. I agree with what you say about common sense. and in that video you clearly saw how common sense is being lost. About your fear of loosing morals to "freedom" which comes from a scientific understanding, I ask you... what is so bad about that? Why do you see it as some dooming scenario? So what if your neighbor likes to fuck a dog? As long as we can prove that nor him or the dog are getting diseases, how is this making the world BAD? what are the negatives of that ? .... seriously.... I think all the negatives you see come from a "desirable" image of the world that is imposed by religion.... For me, a desirable world comes from people respecting other people's view, not looking down upon them because they have different preferences, and where people are free to do what they want as long as they dont harm each other. Isn't that the tenet of most religions anyway? love thy neighbor ?When I agree that alcohol is bad, Im not agreeing with god's word, Im agreeing with medical evidence about what it does to the body... And I agree that a world without alcohol is better, but as long as you are inflicting the harm only upon yourself, I have nothing to complain about. So tell me, why do you see zoophilia as negative? what is so bad about that? ... (use it as an example of the downward spiral in the world) I think you will not be able to prove it, without using your own subjective "morality". All I m saying is that we need to think criticaly about where our morals come from and religion is not a good source for moral standards. Below is a video of the source for "good doing" for religious people: the fear of going to hell. How can such a story be a source for "morality"? Good christians and atheist alike, do not need such religious stories to do good.