#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Not their understanding, but word for word, God's Words1. I just wonder how it is that some people have a direct line to "know" what god wants and what god says. there is no reason to see Buddha , Jesus or Muhammad as anything more than just very intelligent guys who had a burden in their hearts to guide people into a right moral pathway. Anyone with common sense and enough passion, and charisma can do this. Ghandi did not claim to be speaking god's words. he did claim to be inspired by the words of said prophets but by viewing their words as what he called "pure thoughts". why do you have to bring a "god" into the picture? morality has no need for god. 2. the words of the prophets you cite have value, but i feel that because they claim to be god-sent, their words become meaningless. people then have to choose who to believe... was jesus the son of god? or was he just a prophet? ... then religion becomes more than just about morality but about being "right" with some "god". does the mother of your example have to tell the kid that she is letting him fall because god told her to? why cant she just explain the logic behind it? it is enough.... we know that we shouldnt kill because it is common sense! not because we have to believe in someone who tells us that god talked to them last night. Since you do not want to use religion, then explain how the idea of god, outside of religious norms, is tied to morality. it seems that more than defending the need for having a creator/god, you are defending the need for organized religion. God could be viewed as something more sublime than an organized set of rules written down by some privileged men who had some sort of direct phone line to the all-mighty.... in my opinion morality need not to be tied to god. your argument is very confusing. are you defending religion, or god, or morality as means for the greater good? ... it seems to me that you believe that religions are legitimate creations of a god. if this is the case, this will be my last comment to you as there are too many contradictions in religions, in their norms, to even begin to accept that a higher being would have given them to us for our "guidance". if there was a higher being he probably has nothing to do with religions... and i repeat... morality does not need to be tied to a god. there are lot of ways to be educated into the "right" way of behaving that do not require having someone telling you that you will go to hell if you don't obey.