#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
                                                        29 May 2009 I like what you had to say about God. What you need to understand is that many people really do not want to know the truth because it would require them to do some soul searching of their own. It is easier to blame God for the ills of the world than to research one's soul and take a good hard look at ourselves. How could there be good w/o bad, right w/o wrong, life w/o death? Remember whenever we become full of ourselves we open the door to true evil, Satan. God wants us to love him because we want to, not because we have to, ie free will. In today's   society   too much importance is put on   money   and material things in my humble opinion.  There are people who do not consider themselves poor, although by others standards most likely would be considered poor. If you believe in God, you must also know that Satan is his rival, and will do what it takes to attempt to dehumanize humans in the eyes of other humans. God won't fall for it however many humans will and do. I believe that there are millions of tragedies in this world that could be easily laid at Satan's door. He loves to see people ponder over whether there is a God, it is his mission. We do have choices in this world, whether or not people see that have choices or not is another story. To simply do nothing is a choice, and if Satan can keep us reacting instead of acting, he has us on the fence post. For me God does exist because when I look back over my life, and I see the many times God was there for me when no one else was. It would not have mattered if I had a lot or money or none, because I was in the hospital on machine that was breathing for me. They were pumping me full of morphine/paralytic drugs so I would remain still because I was told I was fighting the machine to breath on my own. It took me 3 months to be able to get my arms, legs, and hands to function properly. I remember walking around in Walmart for 3 hours trying to gain strengh in my legs.  The wonder of it all was I didn't remember hardly any of it, until I was told. What I remembered was praying in a safe place within myself. I saw my life and my loved ones lives and how much I loved them. I spoke with a woman whom I'm told no one ever saw in my room, yet she was with me all the time. I saw good times and sad times, and things I could have done differently in my past, and a chance to do them differently in the future. I saw violence and dispair and death whirl around me yet I was not afraid. It is okay with me if others choose to believe God does not exist, probably wouldn't be able to change their minds no matter what I said. I could have easily died in that hospital, but God had other plans, my daughter and my grandchildren needed me to be here for them, which I am. I am with my family, and to me that is worth more than any dollar value. We are not rich, we are not poor, however that is in terms of dollars and cents, we are rich in many other ways. I hope that what I have shared with you will make you think back over your lives, wonder what you might find. Thank you for reading my missive, it is longer than I had planned it to be.     Sincerely lfschrawyer 