#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Regarding the cults, the reason why I find them relevant is because followers of the abrahamic religions dismiss them as being completely "crazy" when in my opinion, the abrahamic religions in themselves are as deranged as cults. So I find them relevant because it shows what happens when people try to say that they have access to "god" or can possibly know his/her mind. There are people out there who still believe in talking snakes... I admit your point in saying we can never know "everything", but you must admit that when you make a desicion, even as simple as buying a new computer, you do research and try to find out as much as you can so that you will be better equipped for making a decision. It's as simple as that... we become more educated so we can make better decisions. Which leads to the final point... religious people do not do things just to please god, but because they also think it's the right way of living. I think we are all entitled to the same freedom religious people want of choosing the best way of living if this behavior is not going to harm anyone else. I've never come across any scientific evidence as to why sodomy is bad for you. Therefore, I have no basis for saying it is "bad". Why is it bad? If you point out something in science, then you will agree that we need education, scientific facts, to help us make desicions that are not bad for us. But if you just "think" it is bad for no reason at all... then it makes no sense. I dont understand your argument about being part lion part tiger. A girl of 12 consenting to sex with a 90 year old... i think if we continue with this god bullshit, children CAN be brainwashed into doing things without questioning them. Have you watched the videos about Jesus Camp? It is very close to the same brainwashing that cult leaders do... and you know what makes it so wrong? that it is targetted at children, who are suceptible . Just as a girl of 12 , we both would agree, has not reached the age of consent to have sex; the children from jesus camp also have not reached the age of consent to accept or reject ideas independently. why? because they have not been exposed to more information about the world. how can god be for the greater good when it inhibits our ability to decide for ourselves? About drugs. I believe they are bad because Ive read enough about their effects on the body. Thus I can say they are bad, there is evidence. But saying things are bad just because of some intuition about god, is just plain ignorance.