#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
The basis of my argument is that God's word (whatever religion it is you are talking about) impedes our ability to reason about the consequences and impacts of our choices/actions. Any formalized set of rules does this when people are told to follow without questioning because something is supposed to be "good". Cases come up over and over again in everyday life, not just in difficult cases like abortion, euthanasia, cloning, where we confront the fact that reality is NOT black and white. But god's word and formalized rules want to simplify reality for us and this is where they fail. You should watch this ted talk about the ability to solve problems v.s. the ability to follow rules. Claiming to "know the answer" is the characteristic of zealous religious people, who believe that a rule given by god is THE only answer. The scientific reasoning is precisely to question those things that may seem as "absolutes". Regarding knowledge or education it would be absurd to say that we now know less things about the world than we did in the past. So, in the past - in the midst of more ignorance, it made sense to believe that if you don't worship a certain way god will get angry and stop the rain and your crops will die; but now, such a simple minded reason behind the need to behave well would not be accepted as we know more about how the world works. In this sense, we have more information needed to make decisions. I don't think it is necessary to think about difficult or modern day examples (cloning, abortion, euthanasia) and figure out how to apply religion to it. In every day decisions we are always forced to "bend" the words in the book because they can't provide answers. Then people argue that it is their own "personal" relationship to god what matters -- it would seem as if everyone has a different conception of God anyway, these words are then subjective and left to interpretation. No one is adhering to the words strictly because the words are too narrow. The world is not black and white. Teaching ethics and moral behavior requires a lot more than making people behave like sheep.