#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
The point of previous post was not to present valid arguments. My sophistries are, obviously, designed to be absurd. Thing is, they aren't a great deal different than your arguments, which you claim to take seriously.It's possible to make sense out of the notion of an omnipotent deity--Aquinas did so--but Aquinas could provide a philosophical context in which omnipotence made sense. Now there have to be very few folks left, including religious folks, who seriously accept the mix of Neoplatonic and Aristotelian ideas that gave traditional theological ideas their cogency. It's not that anybody is trying to diss the great theologians of the Middle Ages. I respect them very much myself and have spent many years admiring them, in part for their sheer technical virtuosity. It is quite impossible, at least for me, to credit their universe of discourse, however. The God game, at least the traditional version of the God game, is over. Which, naturally, doesn't mean that you can't make money selling it on television.Absent an appropriate philosophical setting, omnipotence is an empty word. Or doesn't claiming that God and human are ontologically different commit you to having an ontology? What sort of being is a god? And if, in your utterly inadequate human ignorance, you can't tell me what you're talking about, why are you presuming to talk at all about something which, for all you know, is my uncle's pocket watch. (Don't tell me that it doesn't make sense that a pocket watch could save souls. Maybe that's just another one of those mysteries of the faith.)It's not that I'm so enthusiastic about my own ontological status, by the way. Indeed, one of the many things I find absurd about Christianity (and Islam, for that matter) is the absurd credit they give to humanity, as if the maker of heaven and earth had any reason to become man--the Islamic version of this vanity is that Satan fell out of resentment for the grand destiny that Allah had apportioned to human beings. Well, long ago a man named Xenophanes remarked that if asses had gods, they'd have long ears...   