#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
There is something I would like to share with you in relation to the existence of GOD and the validity of the Bible. It is interesting to learn that until today the extinction of dinosaurs is still a big mystery to human race. There are so many theories suggested regarding this mass extinction; such as the climate changes, a big asteroid fell to the Earth, etc. In fact, if we look at the Source of the History itself, we will definitely find the answer to this question. Actually, back then in the time of dinosaur, the whole Earth (without exception) was covered by the cloud (waters) (GENESIS1:7) to protect it from direct exposure or radiation of the Sun. This cloud functioned as a filter and “temperature stabilizer” (like having central air condition in a house) for the Earth. As a result, the whole Earth had the same temperature everywhere (whether in the North Pole, South Pole or the Equator - the temperature were the same). Due to this condition, the vegetation and environment in those days were very different from what it is now. The Land was much larger and bigger than the Sea (not like today) so as to accommodate and support the lives of so many giant creatures like dinosaurs on Earth. The question is, how did they become extinct all of the sudden (not even a single one exists but the bones and skeletons)? If there was a major catastrophe struck the Earth, then how come humankind and small animals could survive? If there was only a certain part of the Earth was hit by a meteorite or an asteroid, then how come “all” the dinosaurs disappeared but not other creatures?If we look back at the History of the Earth (as told in the Oldest History book, the Bible), there was a certain time when there was a great flood took place on Earth. How could this happen? This could happen because the Dome of the Clouds above the Earth had been torn out and fell down in form of a big rain flooding and submerging all over the Earth (which was in Noah’s time). As a result, the amount of water on the surface of the Earth had increased dramatically and formed what is called the Ocean. From this time on the size of the Water area has become much larger and bigger than the Land area. And at the same time the Earth has become too exposed to the radiation from the Sun which has increased the Earth’s temperature drastically from what it used to be (which has left it without “temperature stabilizer”). From this time on, the temperatures in the North Pole, South Pole and Equator are quite different because they depend on the rotation of the Sun (just like in an air conditioned house when the doors and the windows are wide opened, certain places or rooms in the house have become too hot than the others). The same with the dinosaurs (if any of them survived from the flood), which used to live in a temperate world and environment, suddenly with the climatic changes had become too fragile and died out. Even for us today, with only a slight change in temperature due to the change of the seasons (from warm summer to cold winter) prone to get flu and other types of diseases, not to mention a drastic climatic change for dinosaurs which used to live in a temperate world. Consistent with the History as told in the Bible, only Noah and his family and all the passengers in the Ark were survived to live in the “New” Earth. And for the first time they could see the blue sky right after the Dome of the Clouds had been torn down in form of a big rain which caused the big flood. Before the flood there had never been any rain on Earth because the temperature on Earth was stable and the same everywhere under the Dome of the Cloud. This is proved by the Rainbow which was the first time showing as a sign after the flood. Based on this it confirms that there was no rain before this time because rainbows will only appear as the droplets of water reflecting the light.Before the big flood took place (when the Dome of the Clouds was still intact), the age of the creatures was longer than today (they could live up to hundreds of years).The ancestors of Noah lived up to hundreds of years (according to the Oldest History book or the Bible).This could happen only because there was no radiation (from the Sun) which has caused aging process. In conclusion, all these things show to us the validity of what is written in the “Oldest History Book” or the Bible. Even the Earth is round also mentioned in this book (JOB 26:10) far before the Columbus.