#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
Zebrakin appears to be a believer and that no amount of reasoned argument will change his mind.However, in the event that I'm wrong and that I can change his mind, I point out that it is a mistake to consider being convinced of something is the same as believing something.  The concept conviction is an intellectual conclusion based usually on a lengthy examination of the facts of reality. The concept belief is an abandonment of the intellect and an acceptance of what others have asserted without evidence or proof. Belief is ultimately based on wishes, and requires self-abnegation. Conviction is based on logic and requires self-assertion. Zebrakin states that I consider belief "pathetic foolishness."  Okay, but not accurate. In this day and age, I consider religious belief to be the most lethal form of brute force that men have invented. It stunts one's consciousness and tears it in two, attributing one's best to the non-existent and requiring one regard oneself as sacrificial fodder for the benefit of others. It is a boon to man's rational faculty that he can marvel at the beauty of the universe. But that is not "in born." Such an estimate arises from a fundamental regard of nature as benevolent and of man as heroic. That this is true is shown by the fact that many men do not regard the universe with wonder, nor look upon man as basically good. Instead they regard nature as a threat and man as basically evil. The better philosophers, such as Aristotle and Ayn Rand, have answered the questions you raise. ("to discover where [men] have come from, where they go to, and why they are here.") Many scientists, such as archeologists and physicists, have helped by adding factual details.  I sense in your closing statement a melancholy I should like to tell you is not necessary to feel. You wrote: "Perhaps we feel we have to find answers to these questions because somewhere we know that there's more to this life." A proper moral code, found in Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism, shows that one need not wish that life is somehow better beyond the grave where men will find true happiness. One can find true happiness here on earth while we live. But to do so requires courage to face the reality that you have far greater intellectual strength than your religion tells you, far greater wealth of spirit that your beliefs suggest you possess, and that you are far superior in value to those you are taught to sacrifice yourself for. You can find happiness now by rejecting the moral code of your religion and discovering the rational moral code of Objectivism, which briefly put says your life belongs to you and the good is to live it rationally. May I suggest you read Ayn Rand's novels?---Especially Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead. In addition to being wonderfully original stories, they will help you to re-discover what your religion may have caused you to loose.