#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
You are really off topic and nothing in your argument is aimed at supporting your belief that society is better off believing in a "god" than without. It is already evident to me that you believe that the god that would favor society is only the abrahamic god, is this correct? I gather this from your refutal from my use of mass suicides and cult-like belief as examples. I really dont see why they shouldn't be used as examples in an argument about god - supposing you are just talking about any conceptions of god - . I first argued that it is not for the greater good, because there is the possibility to come up with a lot of conceptions about what god is, how to follow him, how to please him. An example of this are cults. The conceptions range from crazy to crazier. And first we would have to find a way to prove that one conception is the correct one. However you seem to believe that the abrahamic god is the correct one. how can you prove that? Heaven's gate followers had a different conception and they died for it, their beliefs were passionate and convinced. They would have argued for their own view as passionately as someone who wants to believe that the abrahamic god is real and necessary for society. so the first problem is how to find a god that is for the greater good? religion is just as subjective as any opinion in this world. facts on the other hand, are not subjective. if people are given access to facts about situations, it is easier to make better decisions about right and wrong. if we knew the facts about the existence of a soul or not, we would know when consciousness actually begins, and this would help us in deciding whether or not abortion is right, or from when could it be right. does that makes sense? we kill cells every day and we dont feel like murderers. but because right now we do not know yet how to define "life", we continue with this myth of "god created life by breathing his spirit into us" and then we find this answer more satisfactory than the incomplete scientific search for life... up to now i think it is safer to say, "i dont know" than to argue that some god has answers. All societies have their negatives, but I would prefer to dance for rain or bury people in tombs or pray for life than accept sodomy, sell my soul for money, have no respect for myself... why is sodomy wrong? because god told you it is wrong? well... someone elses's god may not have told them it is wrong. how do you prove your god is right? scientifically... why is sodomy wrong if both parties consent to it? People are unable to make the right decisions because they want to base everything on their own idea of how to please their own god. We disagree more and more because religion claims to be absolute about morality, and it doesn't allow for discussion. Instead of saying "i dont know" god following people claim to have the answer and thus, there is no opportunity to really agree on anything... at least not with god followers. How can you argue against someone's god that exists only in their head? im glad we don't have to dance for rain and that we can just dance for fun, not to please some gods. :p