#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
It is good to get back on track. ;) If they're NOT, then why have they 'used' God?I honestly think that the answer is a simple lack of education. Whereas before people had to be threatened with floods and the wrath of a god to compel them to change their ways, now that we have more understanding about the world, we are able to find logical conclusions as to how we should act in certain situations. we are now able to think more critically about issues because we have more knowledge. Regarding the questions you post on the thou shalt not kill example, using the concept of god inhibits our critical thinking about how to solve such situations. The "word of god" is usually not enough to address such issues about euthanasia, abortion in case of rape, killing in war, or self defense. I seriously doubt that god will tell us the right answer no matter what. Whereas we can be allowed to arrive at logical conclusions about the issues of killing on a case to case basis, I dont think that we can know god's answers about these issues based on things that were written hundreds of years ago. Unless, again, you can prove that you have a direct line to god and that he is telling you what to do. This would be very subjective and you would have a hard time applying it to all of society. There was a case in Nicaragua a couple of years ago, where an 11 year old girl was raped, and because she had reached puberty, she got pregnant. In Nicaragua, people believe that the bible is the word of god. Churches of different denominations interpret this word for the people. However, the god had not mentioned anything about what to do in this situation... no mention of abortion. So churches, who claimed to know what god was saying, launched a fierce campaign against the abortion of the child... based on the fact that if the bible (the word of god) said thou shalt not kill then this applies in any situation and we shouldn't think critically about each issue and respond to it accordingly. The girl was 11 years old and incapable of taking care of the baby. The family of the girl lost the support of the community because they wanted the daughter to abort. The girl did not even understand what was going on. .... Anyway, just an example of how claiming that god says something can not be for the greater good. If the girl asks why she shouldn't be allowed to abort the answer will be because god says so. This kind of answer in itself is detrimental to the advancement of our own development of ethics and morality.I don't claim that educated people make good choices all the time, only that when we have more knowledge about situations, our choice will be more informed and this expands the possibility that it will be a better choice than an uninformed one. If we become more informed then we will solve the problem of just being like children who do not understand and need to follow blindly . This may have been the case in times when people thought that the world stood on pilars, but now we don't need more myths, we need more education so we can think critically about the impact of our desicions.