#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
You asked a couple of good questions.  Let's see if I can give you some good answers. First, regarding conviction and belief. You wrote: "Right now I sit in a chair, convinced it will hold me up. I've never studied a chair I don't know exactly why or how long chairs will hold people up, but I believe that I am safe. So I think that conviction and belief are closer and strongly related than you might suppose."   It's quite okay to say that you "believe" a chair will hold you up. Most of our convictions are subconscious evaluations formed many years ago and they've become automatized. We've had countless experiences since childhood that when we can sit in a chair it will hold us up. From those experiences we've formed evaluations which in time have become firm convictions.  It's okay to use the term "believe" in this manner. It's not precise, but most people know what you mean. In everyday talk, we often use the two concepts interchangeably. However, in serious discussions I like to be more precise simply because to do so usually results in easier and quicker mutual understanding.But the two concepts are very different, for the reason I previously stated. In a serious discussion we make ourselves almost instantly understandable by your saying, for example, you believe in God and for me to say I am convinced God does not exist. The bonus in this is that we both see we have different viewpoints---or as is said these days, "we know where the other is coming from." Were each of us to use the same term, confusion would immediately result. And it would take us several hours, maybe days, to sort out what each mean. Your reference to bungee jumping is pretty much the same idea but using a different example. Many people go through their entire lives wishing things were so, or believing something is safe. That does not alter the nature of the intellectual methodology of belief and its distinct difference from conviction.   The other question you asked was: "What would you define as true happiness?"  Novelist/philosopher Ayn Rand wrote: "Happiness is the successful state of life, pain is an agent of death.  Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values."  This must be understood in the context of her philosophy, Objectivism.  Miss Rand is referring to values that are in accordance with man's rational nature, fundamental values such as reason, purpose and self-esteem from which other values such as the choice of one's career, the type of art one enjoys, the qualities of character one esteems in others, and so forth.  She is NOT referring to those who claim a "value" in taking mind-destroying drugs, or sexual promiscuity or hedonism.  If one holds values in accordance with man's rational nature and seeks to achieve them, when one does so, one certainly experiences a state of happiness.  For example, say you want very much to find a life-partner. You think about what you want in a partner. You don't sit at home and mope. You go out and look around and meet different people and find what you want or something very close to it and you become friends with that person.  Surely you've achieved a value.  And surely that achievement will make you happy. I mentioned that achieving happiness begins with rejecting a religious moral code. You wrote: "For my religion (Christianity) that would mean rejecting love, obedience to authority, unselfishness, etc. Good things in my opinion, and yours too I would think."I think love is very good. I also think that love is not possible for those who believe in God.  I think that those who value love as you say you do, do so on my code of values, not on the Christian code of values.  I think "obedience to authority and unselfishness" are very bad things.  I think both are mind-destroying and spiritual suicide. Many Americans have a mixed set of values. One set of values is based on a rational code of morality that they've never discovered. Another set of their values are based on Christianity, which continuously erodes their rational code of morality.  Ayn Rand has identified the rational code of morality.  It is a code of morality based on man's nature as a basically good and valuable entity, with a rational faculty that can be his most glorious asset, if he chooses to use it.I cannot promise you to read Mere Christianity. I've read many books on Christianity and the other religions of the world.I'm delighted to hear that you will read Ayn Rand's novels, particularly Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead. 