#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
1) The Christians persecuted the pagan Romans with far, far more fervor than the pagan Romans had when "persecuting" Christians. Persecution of Christians prior to the conversion of Rome was occasional and local; the laws were directed primarily at clergymembers and at "church property." Extermination of non-Christians after the conversion of Rome, on the other hand, was a wholesale pogrom that lasted until Rome itself was no more.2) The original Sixth Commandment used a word for "murder" that only applied to the unjustified killing of Israelites. By definition, one could not "murder" a non-Israelite. So the commandment is more accurately translated as "don't kill your own." Had it been a blanket prohibition on killing, the Israelites would have been in violation of it quite routinely, as they attacked plenty of neighboring non-Jews.3) If "true Christians" never asked for anybody to be put to death, then by your own admission the entirety of your religion has been a big steaming pile o' horsehockey throughout its whole history, because Christians have been doing that since Christianity first appeared, and they still are.4) Not associating Catholics with Christians is looney-tunes. Catholics are the original, biggest, and most powerful Christian denomination. And the fact that "one of the main reasons why pilgrims left England was because of their freedom of religion to not be persecuted by Catholics" totally supports my point. Not only have the Christians been killing the non-Christians since time out of mind, but when they run out of non-Christians to kill they turn on each other. The Protestants and Catholics in England were equally brutal towards one another. Then the Protestants came to the Americas and massacred the native folks here. 5) You've reduced your position to "Christian equals me, and anybody who thinks exactly like me." Most self-defined "Christians" would not agree. You are not the authority on who is and isn't a "Christian." Hell, in my opinion, NONE of you are real "Christians" since you all blatantly ignore the teachings of Christ, who advocated giving up all worldly possessions and living an aesthetic lifestyle devoted to god. But leave that as it may, objectively the "Christians" are the people who define themselves as "Christians," and they've killed loads and loads of folks. So nope, still not buying your BS ("belief system") here.