#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
See the problem here is we're going in circles. I've already said inherintly people are good in general and naturally know what is wrong and right and religion tends to go side by side with that. I'm not saying it's because of religion, but that they're intwined. I've also said (maybe not on this debate) that it's wrong when people do things without questioning - however it doesn't mean you always and continously question everything.You cannot use scientific method unless you already have a moral view. Science gives us some of the harms of using drugs, however it is upto us whether or not that is good or bad. Science says that drugs do blah blah to your body and mind. It gives statistics linking drug abuse to crime. It is people that say it's wrong. Science cannot say whether it is good or not for society to have crime etc. It can say that drug abuse affects the country in this or that way... but it cannot say it is wrong.I've stated that we'll never understand the full extent of our actions and even if we understand some of them.. is it truly right? Science itself is continously debating itself. Before you could hit your kids, then we're taught not to... and now there's growing debate that you should hit your kids (not abuse.. hit). This is science. We always think we know what we're doing and we know the results of our actions, however we don't and there's no way of telling. Look at the core of all the religions and tell me whether or not they are harmful to you or others around you.Even worse is the fact that again you're this example of this pastor as something against religion. Where in the Bible does it say go kill the abortionist? Would the majority of people condemn his actions? Was it truly in the name of God or was it through frustration and anger?People who do these things - Drug dealers, murderers, (maybe homos), gangsters etc. They ALL know what they're doing is wrong. All of them. (Unless they've got a mental issue). That pastor knows what he's done is wrong... but will defend himself nontheless. He will say that killing the doctor is a step towards stopping abortions, however he knows that killing a man is wrong. All of these people know what they do is wrong, but do it anyway and most of them say they're religious but do not follow the religion. When I drink alcohol, I know it's not right. It doesn't bother me... but I know that I don't need to, have to etc... but I do.. for my own selfish reasons. It's not something that bugs me.. it's just something small that I know I shouldn't do. Same as people who smoke... they know they shouldn't smoke, but they do. Atheists smoke... technically according to you, they shouldn't because they know the harm it does to them and because they use scientific reasoning objectively, they wouldn't smoke. They do. Same as theists.It's hard for me to explain other religious communities accurately because I haven't lived in them.. but my own. Relgion IS subjective and you keep missing that. The priests teach/lecture/explain the philosophy of the religion, that is their purpose.I really wonder how God is speaking to all these people directly in ways that contradict each other.That's an argument for which religion is right.