#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
"I am a bit disappointed in the human race. The human race as a whole has tried for centuries to X out God and any religious ideas and characteristics. I am rather embarrased of the ignorance of men. Anyways, this has to be the most silly question in history-if you're educated and have any sense of moral sense you would agree. If the world wasn't created by the Supreme Being (GOD), than how else would it have gotten here. If any one person (or organization) expect me to ever believe that Earth one day just decided to appear in space and isolate the water from land and create it's own self a moon and set the sun impeccably in it's place and everything revolve and correlate in it's proper manner every morning-day-season-year etc"I really do not know where to start. This line "if you're educated" is later followed by an admittance of a complete lack of knowledge about the formation of Earth and the moon. I mean seriously, you could TiVo National Geographic for a week and have a basic understanding of all the "scientific mysteries" you mentioned. You call people who disagree ignorant when it is you who choose to subjectively ignore information and evidence. Information and evidence observed by man, not created by him.Riddle me this. It's is a known fact that the distance between the Earth and moon is increasing by 3.8 meters a century. Eventually it will leave Earths orbit but the effects will be felt long before that. If our solar system was created by God why would he put an expiration date on it? Our Sun isn't going to last forever either mind you.Another thing that has always bothered me is why is there so much else out there? Why would a God create so much noise in the universe when we are his main concern? In the old ideas the Earth was the center. If everything did revolve around us and we were the center of the universe (as was the idea when religions formed) then a Creator would seem like the obvious answer.