#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes it is
#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
Why was life put on Earth? You're assuming life was "put" on earth rather than the more obvious answer, that life is a natural occurrence, like gravity. Where you have x and y you get z. Just because there isn't life EVERYWHERE flying around in little spaceships and shooting lasers at us like "TAKE US TO YOUR LEADER!!!", doesn't mean that the universe isn't teeming with life.Why does Earth even exist? Does Pluto seem to have a special function, or serve a special purpose for human life? What about a random planet millions of light years away? Do you think that it serves mankind? It's a selfish and stupid idea, if so. Would your god be happy to know that you're so full of yourself to assume that everything in existence is FOR you? Earth is nothing more than a combination of over-abundant material. Why aren't there more planets like earth then!? Think about it this way, when the lights are off in your room at night do you know that there isn't someone being murdered in Japan? We don't have the means to tell if there are planets capable of supporting life, but there are more planets in our solar system, more solar systems in the galaxy and more galaxies in the universe, and maybe more universes... in the multiverse. There are the same materials all over the place that we can find here on earth, so what's to keep you from assuming that earth is not the only planet like this in ALL OF EXISTENCE!? You probably don't even know what happened in the 1500's, but you seem to know that there has been nothing like earth, ever, in all of time and in the extreme vastness of space... and then on top of that your planet is the only to support life ever, and then on top of that even, you are 1 out of 498390485038453840589 of the most intelligent beings EVER. That, my friend, is wildly unreasonable....You're suggesting that there is a being like man, that created us somehow, that wants to teach us all a lesson so that we can love him... hrmm