#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Objection number 1:Didn't say you couldn't be good only that you can't account for it, it's the grounding question. You can't account for good or evil in a purely naturalistic world. Those are moral judgments and making moral judgments is not a characteristic of matter. Hence the saying. dumb as a box of rocksObjection 2:When you make something it's usually for a purpose you have in mind, even if it's just to amuse yourself, there is a reason why you do it. If Intelligent Design is correct it would be wise to find out for what purpose we were createdObjection 3:Explain to me then how justice is established?For the record; Atheistic regimes have slaughtered upwards of 100 million people. All other atrocities combined don't even come close. But don't take my word for it. check the records. Ideas have consequences and Darwin's produced the bloodiest century in human history. And Darwin's theory was atheistic to the core.Objection 4:Again, you most certainly can, but you can't ground it.Objection 5:See the answer to objection 3 and go look up the greatest mass murderers in the Guinness Book of World Records.Objection 6:The evidence doesn't support your assertion. Objection 7: I was driving at the point that we even violate each other. that we do it at all is the greater problem. But again you can't account for Good or evil, Those are moral judgments and making moral judgments is not a characteristic of matter. Objection 8If there is a God, then we have hope. Because when you have been caught in the rip tide and you're drowning, you don't save yourself. And unless someone jumps into rescue you, you are as good as dead. In atheism, there is no lifeguard and no one on shore, you are all alone. In Christianity the lifeguard is on duty and He is able to save and He does. How differently will you live your life once you have been taken out of the mouth of death as it swallowed you ?In what do you have hope? and not the wishful thinking kind, that does no one any good. The confident certain kind that you can stand on.About crossing fingers. Take the time to read Pascal's Wager. I think the way I characterized atheism is pretty accurate. The smart money is on Jesus.Objection 9: You presuppose the descent of Man and then use that paradigm to interpret the facts. Might I suggest there might be another way to account for religion. The trouble with your explanation is that it is far to simple and fails to account for a great deal of factors; such as the reality that men don't event things far for terrible than what they know. The idea is always to appease the gods, aka forces of nature, you don't make something up vastly superior to the natural world.And again you mis-characterize history.