#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Hmmmm. After reading this not only do I think you don't know what you're talking about, but you've also got a warped sense of reality, especially when it comes to religion.You're ideology is complete freedom for oneself. This is the epitome of selfishness... doing whatever you want as long as you don't think it affects anybody else.This whole delusion you've got about how all religious people follow God blindly is again wrong. If people didn't know why they followed God, if they were just mindless zombies who had no senses themselves then why is it that theists are able to argue for their religion? Some even give a different interpretation... some change things altogether. There are many ignorant theists out there, but they tend to be from poor countries, limited education and live simple lives. Apart from them all theists follow such laws after thinking them through. You're saying arguing which religion is right is absurd?!??! This is what people do with differences. They clash. It's not just religion.. it's race, ideology, philosophy, politics etc. EVERYTHING.So what's wrong with this 'soul saving excercise'? Give some examples cause I don't know wtf you're chatting.However, when we are talking about society, we have to make laws based on factual evidence, not subjective feelings about things. Yes people make a "moral" choice about things, but this choice doesnt necessarily have to be based on fairy tales. It can be based on scientific evidence.Here comes your warped ideas about people again. You're telling me moral choices only come from fairy tales. Seeing as you don't believe in fairies... you don't have an morals. According to you. People's moral choices aren't based on fairy tales. Fairy tales are in accordance to their moral choices. (Remember I said this earlier...). People are generally against murder. These fairy tales are against murder. They're both against murder. People aren't against murder because fairy tales are against murder. You cannot make a law based on science without judgement outside of science. I've written why before... if you didn't understand it I'll explain one last time.Let's have immigration as an example.Law requires legal migrants.. not illegal immigrants.Science tells us the positives and negatives of immigration.OUR OWN JUDGEMENT will decide whether or not we want immigration and to what degree. This judgement is outside of science as science cannot make decisions.. only explain them to a certain degree.So drug dealers are bad because of your reason? Not because they're selling substances that harm your body in the long term, cause addictions which leads into other trouble. Not because of that. Only because it's outside of the government's economy. NO!Belief in god entails faith, and faith is the ability to believe in something without evidence. ...(more and more bs i've already talked about.... Maybe you are just trying to hold on to your subjective believe that you need god to know what is good or bad for you.Firstly I've already said to question is good. However doesn't mean you've got the right answers when it goes against your religion. You might sometimes... but I doubt it. To question doesn't mean to go against. So when you believe in God.. doesn't mean you believe whatever anyone else tells you. Maybe that happened to you or somebody you knew.. but not in the majority of educated religious people. Science on the other hand doesn't teach anything. Science does nothing. Science is basically theory. Theory based on logic, evidence, statistics, solutions etc, but it is theory.The problem is that people assume that it was meant for societyNO! you see that is where you are wrong. When people are happy, good (on a personal level) then it means society will be happy and good on a personal level. That is plain logic. You've got it wrong about the Jews and Jesus. Or that Satan story. That Satan story doesn't mean shit about God or that the world doesn't belong to God. It's the same as being a customer in a shop and telling somebody to steal something. It's temptation.. not a bargain. LOL! You're such an amazingly smart, good, morally absolute person yet you don't even understand the simplest of stories. I'm not even Christian, nor do I agree with a lot of it's practices yet at the least I understand what I disagree with. This shows that you don't understand where you stand. You've got a deluded idea about religious people based on your own personal, limited experiences.Saying you cant smoke a joint because god wouldn't like it, is retarded. Saying that you shouldn't smoke it cause it kills brain cells is a different kind of choice.NO!!!! Again you're wrong!! Even though I can understand where you're coming from, you're wrong. If you believe, trust and have faith in someone you follow them. Even though you don't always know why, you follow their reasoning because you know that they're right. So when people say it's because God wouldn't like it... it's because they truly trust God and think that what He said is right. You're trying to ask them to question God. How the fuck can you do that? lol?!?!I have no problem with you being atheist... only your reasoning. You have a very limited imagintion, perspective, experience, narrow and understanding of matters. Not only does this make it hard to argue and explain with you, but it makes most of your points invalid.I feel like stopping this too. I get annoyed when you don't understand the points I make and you probably feel the same way. You started off great though and tbh I tihnk it would be better if you made a debate about a single subject which you don't agree with.. as this is definately too broad.