#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
“Saying that   science   disproves   god   is an asinine statement. What has science proven that the earth revolves around the sun and that all living things are made of atoms and such. religion has never claimed to have the answers of why things are the way they are.”Explaining why things are is a huge part of religion.  The entire first book of the Bible is devoted to explaining why things are the way they are on earth.“Holy scriptures are written by man and they transform it as they see fit. But this is not definite proof that there is no god. science can only prove what is seen.” The burden of proof is on those who believe in God(s)… not on those who do not believe.If I tell you that there are magic unicorns running around do you accept that statement just because you cannot disprove it?“There are many things going on in the universe that are unseen look at black holes we know they are there but we can only speculate on how they function.”We have some very strong math that describes black holes.“As far as science has gone it is really only within the scope of our corner of our galaxy. Which is a tiny fraction of the whole universe.”Science can observe the entire observable universe… and in doing so we see that the laws are consistent.  We can observe the chemical composition of distant stars, and even observe the motion of planets as they orbit other stars.“We see things on such a small scale that most of the things we have proven may not conform to the rest of the universe.”As stated above… what we observe is consistent, the laws we see here on earth are the same laws found in the Andromeda galaxy and beyond.“We don't even know what is at the very bottom of our own oceans how can we claim that we know if there is a divine being or not.”Yes, but that same logic says we cannot claim that there are no elves.“There is no proof on either side just because there is a god does not disprove science and vice-versa.”Science is just a process, not really something that can be proven or disproved.  However the evidence of it’s accuracy is right in front of you.  The computer that you are using to read this was built and operates on Scientific principals.“As speculated(and i mean a theory that is currently trying to be proven) the universe is moving apart. Scientist have known this for a long time the universe is expanding right now but they assumed that one day that the universe would collapse in on itself. “Actually that was never the consensus.  The collapsing universe was only one of three considered outcomes (the other two being equilibrium and infinite linear expansion).  “Scientists now believe that the universe is expanding and will continuing expanding for eternity since gravity loses its strength the farther objects get from each other(duh).”The current theory is that the rate of expansion is increasing.“So this puts a big question on the big bang theory. Scientists believed that the mass that existed before the big bang was from the universe before and that it collapsed in on itself.”The ‘cyclical universe’ hypothesis never moved beyond it’s preliminary stages… and was not universally accepted (though it was seen as a possibility).“But saying that there is a scientific explanation and only a scientific explanation. Is like saying that since there is life on earth that it came from a meteor( i'm not sure this is a good analogy but i couldn't think of a better one).”Do you have another explanation, one that has some physical evidence to back it up?  Or do you have evidence that falsifies current theories but supports your own.“We know so little about the world around us that it is stupid to say that on the little information we have that there is definite proof that god doesn't exist”As I stated above… using that logic I could claim that elves existed then demand that you prove they don’t.