#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
Contrary to the attempts of the religious to make an epistemological equivalence between naturalism and supernaturalism as equally arguable hypotheses to explain nature, there is no such thing as a presumption of naturalism.You are a human being.  You have a definite nature, possessing specific characteristics and capabilities, including a human means of gaining knowledge of the world in which you exist.  This includes seeing by means of looking with one's eyes...and so on for all the senses we possess...and a rational capacity to identify things by their fundamental characteristics and to form concepts in order to hold our knowledge indefinitely.We are not anything but human beings and, thus, have no other means of gaininging knowledge of the world than our human means.So, if you open your eyes and see nature, that's where your knowledge begins.  There is no mental blank until you first choose your starting assumptions.  There are no assumptions that nature, which you see, is nature and that you, somehow, choose to see it onlly in a natural way.Nope. No presumptions whatsoever.  You open your eyes, you see what's there and you begin to mentally organize the evidence provided by your senses into groupings accourding to similarities and differences.You don't start building your knowledge with nature because you chose that as your presumption.  You start building your knowledge with nature, because that is what is there.To go the bizarre and cogintively misguided direction of attributing things that are there to supernatural, meaning unobservable, causes, is what requires an extra action of choosing an assumption, one which veers away from what you observe.  Notice that all arguments for the existence of God or for any version of the supernatural require a very abstract organization of concepts and, upon examination, it turns out that there are NO observations which bear out that presumption, nor do the abstract arguments hold to the tests of logic.So, naturalism is nothing more than human beings gaining knowledge of nature by human means, without a naturalist presumption.  It is supernaturalism which requires the contruction of a presumption in order to selectively bring observables to the task of proving what is not a valid idea nor an observable reality.Notice that this argument against the "presumption of naturalism" argument required nothing more than the fact that you exist with a specific nature as a human being, including a specific capacity for gaining knowledge.  If you wish to quarrel with my argument, you must deny those facts about your existence.