#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NOPE
#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
"This is a poorly asked debate question. That is like me asking someone from Ireland if they even know who Vishnu or Rama is ( God of India )."I'm from the UK and I know who Vishnu and Rama are. I'll give you a hint; they're not the god/s of India."Without a doubt I do not want to believe that when I die the screen goes black like my TV when the power goes out. That I refuse to believe, I want to think that I stand in front of the golden gates of heaven and that the doors open to me."You're not arguing whether or not god exists; you're arguing whether or not you want god to exist. Clearly you do, as the life you currently have obviously isn't enough for you. Wanting something to happen doesn't make it so, unfortunately."We can look back into history and we can find flaws in the Bible. The flood that betook the Earth the flood that Noah had built an Arc for. Their are many religions that have their own excuses for the cause of that event! Back into many ancient religions a flood was caused by the Gods!"There is absolutely no evidence that a great flood occured on Earth. The reason many religions would share this story is more to do with religions copying other religions (eg, the copying of christianity from paganism)."Think of a blind man, and ask him the question does the color blue really exist?"An interesting question, but you obviously haven't thought this through. Asking a blind man if the colour blue exists will normally be greeted with a yes answer. Why is this? Because every single seeing person he has spoken to can confirm that the colour blue exists. He can be told the science behind it, and taught about how light reflects and refracts from different surfaces. Now let's consider another scenario. A blind man asks one hundred people if the colour blue exists. Of those one hundred people, some will say yes and some will say no, whilst many others will bicker over exactly what colour blue actually is. Of the people who say yes, when asked how they know the colour blue exists, they can not say because they themselves have seen it. They can only answer that lots of people they asked have seen it, and blue sounds like a really nice colour so they really really hope that it does exist. I wonder if the blind man would be able to give you such a sure answer under these conditions?