#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=no its not
#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
Welcome back... I can now explain the avalanche of downvotes I received earlier today. At least you're responding to this argument.Other than the Bible, what evidence is there that Christianity is the "right" religion? And since when is the Bible a historical book? There is no historical evidence of Jesus existing, therefore Christianity must be based completely on faith (as it is with most religions). In addition, I'm curious to hear what evidence you claim backs up the Bible. As for reason... well as I said I'm very interested to hear this.As for your simplistic descriptions of the world's religions, I find myself in an unusual position... arguing with a theist about the legitimacy of religion, from the point of view of religion. You clearly feel a very personal connection with your own God, however, you deny that that same feeling can exist for anyone else. Can a Hindu not feel passion for his Gods? Is the love he feels for his Gods false?You claim that missionaries spread the word of God to nearly all cultures, but what about before that? What about the Native Americans who existed before the European conquerors? Were they sentenced to eternal damnation because of their ignorance? How about when the missionaries brought smallpox? Was this God's love?You also seem to talk about Christianity as if it's a single religion. How about all the different sects of Christianity? Methodists, Baptists, Mormons, Catholics, Quakers.... which is the right one? Are they all right?You seem to think that religion makes most people moral as well. Do not forget that segregation lasted longest in the "Bible Belt," or that the KKK touts Christianity as one of it's principles. Or how about the group "God hates fags"? Those guys are religious, and clearly assholes.Your view of the world is simplistic, and leaves very little room for other cultures and religions. From listening to your arguments, one can clearly see that why religion, when in the hands of those with closed minds, has been such a divisive force throughout history.