#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=yes
#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
I just woke up, unable to sleep, thinking about my art. I wondered more about the Christian worldview on art, and so I hopped on the net to research it. Ironically, look where I wound up? This is the very first time I've ever participated in an online forum, but this site, with this question on God's existence struck me, so for the first time ever—I'm jumping in. Go gentle...Have any of you ever really asked God whether He exists, and if He would reveal Himself to you? He will. (And the ways in which He will are numberless.) But it's true, you have to genuinely want to know about Him. For many years, I was an atheist. But God kept putting these "Christians" in my path. I constantly wondered about "Him." I was a very logical person. In fact, thought I knew a lot in general. Christ is particularly interested in those most of all. And I had all the arguments down pat for his non-existence. But something kept bugging me. You see, God was "calling" me. He doesn't "call" on everyone, but any of you that think about this discussion seriously and have ever wondered—consider yourself "called"... I did my research (being the "logical" person I was), and in the process He revealed Himself to me—which coincided with my research. Here was "THE truth" I'd always hungered for. Turns out He did exist. And it's the wises thing I ever did or will ever do.The "science" thing: Here's what I contend: Do you really think an explosion of rocks created sapphires, the Caribbean Sea, Edgar Allen Poe, the cockatoo, the catfish, Lucille Ball, an apple tree, the dolphin, the giraffe, tulips, the marshlands, Degas, olives, Michael Jordan, the stars in the sky, and you? Nah. Not without something far superior touching it (and with purpose!). That is far more fantastical to believe than the Bible, any day of the week.The "evidence?" Look around you. It's everywhere, every day.And bottom line. As C.S. Lewis so brilliantly put it: Whether you believe in Him or not won't change the fact of His existence.Just think about it—keep your eyes and heart and ears open. Peace.