#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
Saying that   science   disproves   god   is an asinine statement. What has science proven that the earth revolves around the sun and that all living things are made of atoms and such. religion has never claimed to have the answers of why things are the way they are. Holy scriptures are written by man and they transform it as they see fit. But this is not definite proof that there is no god. science can only prove what is seen. There are many things going on in the universe that are unseen look at black holes we know they are there but we can only speculate on how they function. As far as science has gone it is really only within the scope of our corner of our galaxy. Which is a tiny fraction of the whole universe. We see things on such a small scale that most of the things we have proven may not conform to the rest of the universe. We don't even know what is at the very bottom of our own oceans how can we claim that we know if there is a divine being or not. There is no proof on either side just because there is a god does not disprove science and vice-versa. As speculated(and i mean a theory that is currently trying to be proven) the universe is moving apart. Scientist have known this for a long time the universe is expanding right now but they assumed that one day that the universe would collapse in on itself. Scientists now believe that the universe is expanding and will continuing expanding for eternity since gravity loses its strength the farther objects get from each other(duh). So this puts a big question on the big bang theory. Scientists believed that the mass that existed before the big bang was from the universe before and that it collapsed in on itself. And since our universe seems doomed to expand forever it seems that this first explanation will not fit the mold. So what was before that mass that the big bang strewn out. We may never know. But saying that there is a scientific explanation and only a scientific explanation. Is like saying that since there is life on earth that it came from a meteor( i'm not sure this is a good analogy but i couldn't think of a better one). We know so little about the world around us that it is stupid to say that on the little information we have that there is definite proof that god doesn't exist