#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
"What evidence?"In broad terms there is the fossil record, genetic analysis of modern species, the result of biological experimentation, the emergence of new species in environments that have only existed for a short period of time."Whats your point?"the flagellum has been shown to be 'reducibility complex' and thus does not serve as an example of 'irreducible complexity' ."Yes, fantastic so we agree. Gravity is only one of the many examples. And your argument on gravitation is what Collins is saying. Gravity has its exact value, Therefore we exist. Its a measurable parameter."That does not mean that gravity was set at that value by a designer... We exist because gravity has that value, gravity does not have that value so that we can exist."Supporter or not, the evidence is there. "Our observations are far to limited to make that assumption, but given the number of planets observed so far it seems quite likely that most stars have planets, and thus it seems quite likely that there would be other planets capable of supporting life (assuming that life needs a narrow set of parameters to survive)."and finally a challenge to you. Tell me what of life's origins? Where and how did life com about?"There are still a good number of theories out there being researched... but a 'rough' description would be as follows.The early oceans of the world were rich in a wide variety of complex   chemicals  , the byproduct of chemical reactions that had started when the earth was still a cloud of interstellar dust.  Among these chemicals were replicator molecules, complex organics that react with the chemicals around them to form other replicator molecules.  This replication was not perfect, and so the replicators changed... some changes led to improved replication (faster or more accurate) and thus those replicator molecules became the dominant form.  Over time these replicators reacted with other environmental elements such as the lipids that form cell walls to form the earliest cells.