#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
You are obviously much more intellectually minded than I am at this point, but I relate that to years of life rather than my beliefs or views on religion and life. You say that there is a different in belief and conviction. Isn't it in true conviction that we find belief in something? Right now I sit in a chair, convinced it will hold me up. I've never studied a chair I don't know exactly why or how long chairs will hold people up, but I believe that I am safe. So I think that conviction and belief are closer and strongly related than you might suppose. If you go bungee jumping how do you know the cable will hold you up? They have broken before... Is this conviction? Or belief? Using what you stated as belief being a wish and conviction being logic, I would have to say that thinking it to be held would be both. You wish it to hold but you also know it will. "[Religion] stunts one's consciousness and tears it in two, attributing one's best to the non-existent and requiring one regard oneself as sacrificial fodder for the benefit of others." I must say, personally, that I do not regard myself as sacrificial fodder, but perhaps, you have the crusades or suicide bombers in mind? Both of these I don't defend as I can't possibly say they were ever justified in any ways.You speak about true happiness. "One can find true happiness here on earth while we live." What would you define as true happiness? Having lots of money? A pleasant relationship with your spouse? Having as your profession something you had always wanted to do, and that you love? I obviously don't have the answer, but perhaps you have some ideas? You must have been thinking of some things when you wrote it. Like I said, I don't have the answers (that's why I feel we have to look outside ourselves for them) but I think that as long as we strive to have true happiness for ourselves we shall never, ever be happy. "You can find happiness now by rejecting the moral code of your religion and discovering the rational moral code of Objectivism, which briefly put says your life belongs to you and the good is to live it rationally." Ah, so is this true happiness? You say to reject the moral code. For my religion (Christianity) that would mean rejecting love, obedience to authority,  unselfishness, etc. Good things in my opinion, and yours too I would think.  So forgive me if I cannot fully grasp your meaning. While were recommending books I would like to recommend Mere Christianity by CS Lewis. I found it rather intellectually stimulating and think you might too. If you do end up reading it, I hope you would with an open mind as I will when I read the books you suggested.