#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No!!
#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
Uh... no.On two levels. Lack of logical possibility and evidence, and secondly, the overwhelming presence of alternatives.We've all experienced real-life probability before, it took about 14.7 trillion (or some ridiculous number of) years for chaotic matter to cool down and form life on our planet and Earth is only going to be around for a few more millenia. Not very miraculous to me. I'm sure we're all versed on evolution. We've observed the processes of which in nature, and there's a clear fossil record which tells a story untouched by mankind millions of years back. And in case you're going to refute this with the incredulous statement that "life came from nothing". That's not the case, it gradually developed over a LOOOONG time, and the basic compounds that make us exist all over nature and are generally stable. Ironically, Christians believe that we were pressed from dirt.This eliminates the need for a God to have intervened. Then there is the supposition that a physically impossible being just magically created us, with no possible ability of knowing this except that people from 1000's of years ago who were studying, at best, witchcraft, alchemy, and astrology (not astronomy) were telling the absolute truth when we simultaneously discredit 2,999 other religions based on the very same credibility.This really has nothing to do with facts and evidence at all. We are trapped into believing in God and Heaven because we don't like the alternative of permanent death, that noone is watching over us, and that you've wasted your life in Church. This principle of "faith" is simply the emotional refusal to grasp what appears to be a harsh reality.We live in a very sheltered country of America. I'm not cynical, but we swim in water while people in Africa (mostly Christians by the way) are begging for it while being slaughtered, we work effortlessly while near-slaves at home and abroad manufacture our basic goods while we exploit a useless service sector economy. It is to be expected of us to gate ourselves with our dream world.I accept no. 1. Morals aren't that hard to figure out. 2. I'm okay with dying because living forever, if you think about it, would be true hell and it is the fear of death and limited exposure to life that makes life so precious. 3. Having accepted these things, I don't really need a God nor credit one.