#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
no no no no no.Here is a perfect example of how it's not just religious people who debating but don't argue and change their minds and grow. If it was true that religious people aren't able to communicate as well as politicians then you wouldn't have any converts. THIS is where your warped reality is in play. Religion is the same as politics in this sense. Everything you said about religion is applicable to politics in that paragraph and vice versa.You are still hoping that the god you believe in is real in order to base your morality on it (etc.)You did it again. How can I argue with you when either you don't read what I wrote or you don't understand it. If you did both then you wouldn't have put that down. When two friends of yours get into a fight and one comes to tell you about the situation, you have the choice to make a judgement without listening to the other side of the story. If you do, your judgement is more likely to be flawed than if you allowed yourself to listen to the other side. The more evidence you have, the better the choice you will make.So what's your point? That everybody should hear two sides to every single story they hear? Ideally it would be great, but practically? That means that every single person should know both sides of the story.. but does everyone know both sides? Neither theists or atheists know both sides of the story.. they tend to know little parts of the story, mostly on their side. You tell me how every single person would learn every single story on every single side there is? I have listened to both sides of the story. I have been on both sides of the story. I am now a theist.But INFORMED judgments come from more evidence and knowledgeOnly the INFORMED part comes from evidence and knowledge. Judgement is always subjective.When I hear "homosexuality is wrong!" from a religious person, no one is able to give me one reason between stuttering that doesn't boil down to "the word of god". This is an exampled of a moral judgement that is uninformed and inaccurate.That's because you're talking to religious people using religious answers! What would you expect?! If they are reasoning then they are informed and accurate. If they're just talking nonsense then it's the same as an atheist talking nonsense. If you wanted an answer without God in it, you should pose the question and say so. I am religious but I always try to give a non-religious answer as you've seen me do. The problem with you is that you expect abnormal responses and when they don't come you blame it on their ignorance.Questioning doesn't just mean going against. It means to question and to be answered. Question - Why do we pray?Answer - To show our faith to God.I don't know where you're from... but where I'm from, questioning is normal.. not an attack from a devil lolololololLOL!.I think what you mean by questioning is to go against. Well obviously religious people wouldn't like that. The same as somebody questioning within a political party. And it should be overcome.. why not?When you say that science does nothing, you sound like a very religious uneducated person. Science does nothing?! geez, now who sounds close minded? A scientific method of reasoning actually tells us to start all inquiries with the premise that we do not know, and thus, we keep on searching.Hmmmm are you sure all of your brain cells are connected??What does science do? Nothing. It's the APPLICATION of science that does something. We can use science to oppress or free, heal or harm, build or destroy. Science does jack shit, but the application or use of science (which is the umbrella term for knowledge) does something and ultimately that's based on people's actions and judgements.Faith is not based on lack of evidence. If it was true then every religious person when confronted would say... God is real no matter what you say. They don't.. they have arguments, debates etc.if your judgement is based on the unfounded belief that people from other countries are inferior, then your judgement will be wrongWait wait wait a minute. Who said that's wrong?? Why is it wrong to believe people from other countries are inferior? YOU said that and that's based on YOUR opinion. However where did I mention this?? You're wasting internet space by talking about completely non related crap.For a judgement to be made you have to have a target. In this case let's use a nation as an example.A's target is to make his nation a religious, clean, fair, community based society for it's own people.B's target is to make his nation an industrial, superpower based on capital regardless of costs.Now, A would not allow immigrants. Not because he doesn't have information or knowledge about them.. but because it doesn't agree with his goal. (I don't mean asylum seekers, simply people moving over the border for jobs, lifestyle etc.) Or he might allow a few if they were similar to his model society.B would allow immigrants as that would provide a quick solution to workforce, cheap labour, manual labour etc. He might not use information or knowledge about them.. but if he wants them he will go for them.You cannot say which one has made the better law just because it goes against your own ideology. If countries ban homosexuality what is it for you to say it's right or wrong? The majority of people in this world don't want gays. Does that mean it's wrong for a country to ban it?Evidence is used to argue for and against religion. You think science and religion is mutually exclusive. You're basing this on lack of evidence.