#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=NOPE
#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
My entire family and friends circle is religious and believes in God, but I do not. Being this really IS an ambiguous question, if we did this statistically with the world's viewpoint, it'd be what? 90:10? Something of that sort, and thus God exists simply because 90% of the world believes he does. As I said, even though I'm not religious, I spend a lot of my time analyzing the origin of religion and how and why people prefer it so badly. I personally don't think he exists because I overall don't care. I don't see a point to wanting to believe he exists, because I'm completely fine as a human being without his existence to me personally. However, I also think he is merely a mythological creation. We've got all those fairy tales that make up the world of Disney, that are so incredibly famous because they all have one thing in common: a happy ending. And that's why I think people cling to religion like they cling to a good fairy tales... because the idea of death and dying sucks so much, everyone likes the idea of life continuing on... in heaven! The land with no boundaries! But really, in a sense, I'd believe in God the same way I believe in Santa Clause, but I'm too rationalized to see the point in doing so.Also, like someone else said, I believe the idea that the bible and religion were started when they were because perception was limited. In the times of the bible, there's not one mention of the planets, or microorganism, and that was because they were out of their ability to see. Instead, they decided a sickness was granted because of God, or a meteor was punishment because of God. It was an easy way to believe why everything was happening... because of the act of just ONE entity.Now, if anything I said was truly accurate, my only question is why all these religious people don't step out of their boxes and agree with me. But they don't. And that alone makes me question how wrong I could be about it because can 90% of the world really be that... different? That close minded? That much of a follower? But then again, everyone thinks Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth too, so maybe it's a lost cause. 90% of the world just really might be that alike.