#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
I think again, to dispute the assumption that im saying people now are smarter than before is wrong. Im saying people now have more information than before, and more information leads to better choices. Of course egyptian, mayan, and chinese civilizations developed at an amazing rate and with surprising quality for our standards. But the eqyptians were also burying their dead in huge tombs (the pyiramids) and along with exhorbitant amounts of gold, why? because their belief in gods entailed a belief in an afterlife. I think they could have spent their resources and time building other structures that would have helped their community , rather than tombs. (though now we admire them just for cultural value). So it is these kind of behavior that I argue stems from a lack of knowledge about the world and how it works. However it doesn't mean we are "smarter" now. Since there are religious believers who continue behaving in the same supersticious ways... When they get sick they pray instead of going to the doctor, etc. But these behavior now should be inexcusable because now we have more knowledge about the world, so it is more like a choice. Back in the time of the Mayans, it may be more acceptable for them to come up with rituals to call for the rain, since they dont have the scientific knowledge about what makes rain fall. But now, when people engage in the same kind of things, it just makes no sense at all because there is more knowledge out there about how things really work. As far as morality goes, I actually think that something like the hamurabi code where the crime was punished in direct retribution, was quite innovative and logical and we could benefit from it. If you steal, we will cut off your hand. End of story. No need for god to induce people to act morally. ;) Just a good execution of the law. Of course this is not the ideal... and again, things are never just "black and white", so in the end it may not work in our day. The ideal would be for us to think critically about our actions. To have an awareness about the common good. We dont need an image of "god" in this, just as we dont need a hamurabi code. We need something more complex.... a reform in the educational system for example... Belief in non-abrahamic gods for the greater good. hmmm. that makes this more interesting, but still based on my argument above, you can deduce that the image of god is unnecessary. We all have an understanding of god that is different from each other. And there is no way of proving which god is right. Groups of people, cults, have come up with new "gods" and then followers are so blind that they end up committing crazy things in the name of these gods. Think mass suicides. This is the problem with the concept of "god"...any god, impedes rational thinking.