#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
I think we can see this by looking at previous questions which were answered by appealing to the supernatural. In response to the three components:1) Theories of, or beliefs in, a Divine source constitute the longest standing range of explanations for phenomena like weather, disasters, and other events that have natural explanations. Looking historically it is almost certain that far, far, more people have used divinities to explain things like lightning than have used the modern scientific explanation. Even today, it is possible to find people around the world who hold similar beliefs. The mere fact that a certain kind of explanation has been popular doesn't mean that that class of explanations are good or true.2)A similar point goes for #2. I do not see how he could possibly believe point #2 to be relevant. Theories and beliefs of a divine source for the human species likely constitute the most agreed-upon range of explanations believed by human beings, both historically and today. Regardless of what the good Rabbi's view on   evolution   is, he surely doesn't think that the question of whether evolution is true or not can be solved by polling people. It doesn't make any sense to try to determine if evolution is true by counting the number of people who believe it or don't believe it. Why then, would theories about the origin of the universe be any different?3)Even if current (naturalistic) theories about the source of the universe suffer problems, this is no reason to assume that a divinity must be the answer. As I stated in #1, previously unexplainable phenomena were also explained using supernatural beings. The fact that at various points in history humans didn't have a natural explanation didn't make a supernatural explanation the correct answer. I also am curious as to how exactly God is supposed to solve the problem of existence. It only seems to raise the question of why God exists. If we assume that God simply always existed, why can't we assume that the material universe always existed (albeit likely in a rather different form prior to the big bang)? In other words, if existence requires explanation, then God's existence also requires an explanation and simply saying that God always existed answers nothing; if existence doesn't require explanation, then there is no need to appeal to God as an explanatory force at all. 