#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Well first, since you are the one talking about a greater good, it would be nice to start with a definition or examples of a greater good. In my conception of a greater good I am assuming this means to uphold certain values, such as truthfulness, and thus I put this as an example. Sorry if that was not clear, perhaps you can clarify, what the greater good is and how we can identify what it is. Also, when you say that we shouldn't bring religion into the debate you must first explain why on your introduction to the debate you have us imagine that we are creating a religion. We should first agree on whether or not religion is an obligatory vehicle for a belief in God. It seems to me that in your argument followers of a god want to find ways to please this god, and thus will be compelled to follow rules. People can either then follow established religions or create personal "guidelines" and "rules" of their own, and this becomes their religion. What benefit can there be to society where people are creating their own guidelines to follow based on a subjective understanding of a God? Some people may say my god requires me to dance naked in the middle of the street and then... what is the benefit to society? Either way, as you say, without bringing religion into the question (or pretending to create a religion), there are many people out there, agnostics for example, who do believe in a creator but not necessarily some creator who wants anything from them... a god that is more of a passive uninvolved observer, than a ruler. These people thus, have no need to "please" him or follow "his" rules. And it doesnt mean that they people are lawless savages. The ability to understand what is good and bad for society, as I have mentioned before, has nothing to do with the belief in having a god to please or fear. A lot of people claim to believe in the possibility of a god, and yet not be religious, since the god they contemplate is one who doesn't provide systematized rules. The systematized rules that you mention, come from religion, NOT a belief in god. May I ask you why you believe that people are not able to figure things out on their own? You say that religion should not take the blame for a lot of the ills in society, but look how far religion has come and yet it doesn't seem we are learning how to get along. Maybe it is time to let people figure things out, and see what happens instead of getting stuck in the idea that people need some mythical being to tell them what to do.