#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Actually it's not funny. The case in Florida where school kids where raising money for a benefit and there where teachers present. What makes it worse is that it was in a church off school property and spontaneously someone said lets say a prayer to bless this food. Well do you know what happened board member who was there at the church but obviously not a Christian was offended and reported those teachers and they where looking at fines in the thousands plus 6 months in jail. It went to the Florida St supreme court where the judge smartly ruled against the claim and they where found not to be in violation. This is just one case of many. I'm sure that there are other religions that pray but why only are the Christians the ones that are being persecuted? Agnostic it's biased the whole system is Agnostic we abide by Agnostic rules in everyday life especially in schools, essentially we practice your religion where there is no belief and when there's a crazy wig nut Agnostic that wants to throw teachers in jail for six months because of their inherent freedoms you go crazy.Evolution has not been proved it's a theory nowhere except for a completely biased person would say that evolution has been proved. There is a whole debate on that alone. There are numerous scientist that believe in intelligent design and go as far as Micro evolution which I believe in and is in-line with creation. Macro evolution where a Giraffe one day came from the see is as unlikely as you or I beating Tiger Woods in a golf match. Not going to happen. God says that we are created in is own image which is why our minds are godlike. If evolution is true than there would be more species with our capability to think and to rationalize. This fact alone baffles many evolutionary theorist for they don't have an answer for. So they do what Darwin did just make stuff up and throw clay at a human skull to fill the gaps.