#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
I would recommend a controversial book titled, PREPARE FOR WAR, by Rebecca Brown MD. I believe she effectively proves the existence of evil and consequently the existence of Gd. While atheism is not of itself a sin leadng to death it is a porthole to evil and a wise person would not go there! Here is a review of her book: This book is a sequel to the much talked about book, HE CAME TO SET THE CAPTIVES FREE, by physician Rebecca Brown. Some would call her a extreme right wing religious fanatic others downright crazy but those who have encountered the rituals and practices of satanists and those who have experienced demonic and satanic activity within the witchcraft or satanic underground would beg to differ with those evaluations. Many more people than you would think have dabbled and even practiced witchcraft and even lesser evils, be it for pleasure or for serious worship and have found this underworld to be wicked and criminal in more ways than one and have little resource as to how to get out of such a mind-controling anti-religious group/groups and Dr. Brown attempts to show people what that world does to innocent victims and how it operates and how unknowing youth are falling into its spiritual warfare and are finding it to be a battle they dont know how to win or even begin to fight against. Dr. Brown shows those individuals that they can leave satan worship and they can only do that by the blood of Jesus and the grace of Gd. She effectively educates the reader on how to avoid these pitfalls and how to pull oneself out of the mire of them and back onto solid and peaceful ground once again. I give this book at 3.5 for her sincerity and conviction to help those caught in the pits of hell on earth. Some will laugh at her efforts, some will scoff at her remarks, but I guarantee you that anyone who has experienced even one of the portals to hell that she exposes will not only understand her but appreciate her willingness to endure ridicule inorder to SET THE CAPTIVES FREE and do that by teaching them to PREPARE FOR WAR. end quoteIm pretty sure that should annoy some   atheists   while I dont know why, they dont believe in Gd so they cant believe in satan, they dont believe in heaven so therefore according to them there is no hell, according to them they have nothing to worry about then! But for those who have seen or experienced satan and his demons, whether in black masses or in dabbling with witchcraft, those people prove beyond a shadow of doubt that Gd exists....and there is a way out of the curse of satanism and that way out is JESUS CHRIST!