#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
are just men who are fooled into thinking that there awaits a place  one in heaven, one in hell, where all will be ascribed toward infinity, where those who have chosen Christ will be reunited with their loved ones and those who have denied Him will be eternally seperated from all that is good in life. If the   atheists   are right, and I dont beleive they are, then I wonder if these songs would ever have been writen, I wonder if these men would have lost their minds without this hope, I wonder how many have been saved because these men dared to beleive in Gd?Amazing Grace by John Newton- Who was a murderous, drunken, immoral slave trader and captain of a slave ship. Who had been raised to know Gd but after his mothers death lost sight of Gd. His life is so wretched and brutal that not even his own crew liked him. And then one day he came across some literature on Jesus and remembered! A storm came up, like none hed ever seen before, and in the midst of that storm cried out to Gd and PTL Gd heard him!! He gave up slave trading and became a minister. Hallelujah!What a Friend we have in Jesus by a man from Ireland who later moved to Canada, named Joseph Scriven. Joseph lost his first bride the day before their wedding when she was drowned in a tragic accident. He lost his second wife to pneumonia. He devoted his whole life to being the good samaritan and doing good works for others, he never accepted   money   for his charity.Silent Night a Catholic priest in Austria named Joseph Mohr. His story is also quite moving.It is well with my soul by a man from Chicago Illinois named Horatio Gates Spafford. I saved this one for last because he is my favorite one! He lost his only   son   to a childhood disease. He lost his business real estates in the great Chicago fire. He was a friend to Moody and was going to England to help in the great revival happening in England but was called back at the last minute and his wife and four daughters went ahead. The boat was rammed by another boat and sank. He lost all four daughters in the   ocean  . His wife was rescued and sent him a telegram that said, SAVED ALONE. When he went to join her he penned this song on the boat trip there. This is why I know that Gd loves us even when   tragedy   strikes and we have a faith that no tragedy can take from us, the hope of glory, the hope of eternal life through the blood of the lamb Jesus. I too can say, IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL. My   prayer   is that my   children   will all be able to say that no matter the..quoteWhen peace, like a river, attendeth my way,When sorrows like sea billows roll;Whatever my lot, Thou has taught me to say,It is well, it is well, with my soul...Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,Let this blest assurance control,That Christ has regarded my helpless estate,And hath shed His own blood for my soul.AMEN. We are blessed in Jesus.