#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes
#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
I cannot prove conclusively that God exists in a laboratory. However, the key to the Super Natural is "Faith". However, there is some evidence. I can pass on to you that the Bible has survived for centuries and the most widely read text. The world uses the current Calendar based on Christ's death (A.D. - After Death). We refer to B.C.(Before Christ), as well. Now why must it be Faith in order to "see" proof? When Christ walked the Earth he performed various miracles and people saw and people hated him. There were those, I'm sure that thought it was fake. I have experienced many things that I knew God sent to me. God does most of His works through people and events for His Children. Just as God feeds the animals He takes care of His own that "believe" in Him. God does not want robots to love Him and God gave man the ability to chose, either good or bad. So you wonder why there is so much despair, hate, murder and abuse in the world. Why? because God gave man a choice. Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed because of their crimes against each other. We as Humans are so quick to dismiss God because we think "I can't be happy". Then there are those that just don't believe at all. I also find people can get angry if someone talks about God or Jesus. It is if they are about to catch on fire or something. I think they believe that they cannot be happy. Actually it is evil which whispers in their ear. Even I from time to time am tempted. I leave with you this poem as given to me from God. It had taken me a week to write it. I wrote the first half and when I tried to finish I felt very ill. But nonetheless I did finish. I am merely the writer and not the Author.BLIND Oh the pursuits of the flesh This shell that covers self The fix of desire until the next crave So shallow this fix, never to last Brief satisfaction; my cup now empty This flesh aches between each thirst Day after day the endless search; cup in hand What elixir will fill this cup and empty not The sweet savor that quenches my desire Light begins to dim on this ragged shell This flesh shriveled from the tick of time Cup after cup filled up; folly for the fool The spirit lay bleached to bone white Picked clean from neglect Left to rot in the hot desert wind of life The spirit left alone, forgotten and unwanted Never watered or nurtured; void of light Cast to the shadows to wither on the vine Oh what a wasteland that I made of this spirit For it is I, the spirit, that was starved until death A lifetime to quicken my spirit has cost me the prize