#stance=stance1
#originalStanceText=Yes it is
#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
There's a lot of historic evidence if you do some research: about 20 sites noted in the Bible have been excavated and confirmed in archeological digs, along with documentation from non-biblical resources from Greek and Roman historians of Jesus' existence. Just do some searching (they're too long to list here), but it's there.I don't deny at all people of other religions may very much believe in their faith. What I've said is, throughout numerous debates, is that I've done my homework from the time I was an atheist, studied the world religions and what other religions are missing is consistency in creation and faith and reason. I have not found this to be so with Christianity.That is an excellent question about the Native Americans. I am part Indian. As I said, God reveals himself to all in numerous ways. The Bible says "all have sinned" (Rom 3:23). Native Americans were involved in sinful practices long before the white man came along, as was the white man long before coming to America. Furthermore, Native culture is loaded with occult beliefs and practices, including the worship of rocks, trees and sky and of the spirits that allegedly live in these things: worship of the creation instead of the Creator. And if they could worship these things, they could have worshipped Him in faith. And many have and do today. But don't misunderstand: God needs to open our spirit to be able to respond to the gospel. There won't be a single person eternally separated from God ("damned") who can say "I really wanted to be saved but wasn't given the chance". God is an all-knowing, loving and just God. Visit www.h-net.org/~west/threads/disc-smallpox.html  for further information on the possible smallpox spread by Europeans to Indians via infected blankets. Since I cannot possibly know for sure without having been there if the disease was spread intentionally by the white man to hurt Indians (there are differing accounts), I cannot judge whether Amherst's claim is true or not. But know this: God will not be fooled. Jesus did not come out of hate, but out of love. If people used His name to intentionally cause their suffering or deaths, they would be judged accordingly. Jesus says, “Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire. Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name have cast out devils? And in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I NEVER KNEW YOU: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.” (Matt 7:15-23).There are saved Protestants and unsaved Protestants, saved Catholics and unsaved Catholics, saved Baptists and unsaved Baptists, etc. (see above). All basically adhere to the Nicene Creed and respect and love one another. If a Christian's faith in God through the Nicene Creed's basic tenants is genuine, then they will see the face of God. If, according to the Bible, people add to the Bible or attempt to rewrite it or redefine its fundamental principles (of which most of the Christian denominations do agree on), then they do not actually believe in the God of the Bible—then they have created their own god (idolatry).One (just one) of Christianity's goals is to make people like Christ, who was, by all recorded accounts, the most moral person that ever walked the planet. However, as I've pointed out a number of times, man is fallen, and there is evil in the world. Christians are just as susceptible to it as non-believers. Please, please don't write off Christianity because of hate groups like the KuKluxKlan or Fred Phelps group—neither of whom understand the Gospel as displayed by their fruits. Writing authentic Christianity off because of horrible actions by groups like those is like saying some white men have murdered people, therefore all white men are murderers, or some black men robbed a grocery store, therefore all blacks are thieves. Which is obviously illogical and untrue. Those kinds of groups do not represent me or most Christians.I'm sorry you think my view of the world is simplistic. I don't condemn atheists—I once was one, but I was apparently drawn by the Spirit and realized that atheism was even more simplistic and without proof, and I am entitled to my beliefs as much as you are.I have answered your questions, but I'm pulling out for good. I got hurt last night by all the hateful responses, and God doesn't want that. He doesn't want me to be hurt or to hurt others in response—some of my reactions, no matter what the provocation, weren't cool. I came to this site because I accidentally came across it one day and noticed many questions on God with replies that revealed many had been misinformed or incorrectly taught about Christianity. I've tried to directly answer the question of a debate as fairly and respectfully as I could, but it's become apparent that this site is more interested in hateful cyber-bullying rather than a respectful exchange of thoughts or follow the rules of fair debate. And if atheists read this and it makes them feel good about themselves to do that to someone or feel no shame, then I believe I've proved not only my point for leaving but for the need for God. But I encourage all the atheists on this site to keep asking questions (there's a reason "Doubting" Thomas was one of the twelve apostles!), but I would also advise listening and hearing others out with respect. And if you TRULY want to know about God, it's always best to go directly to the source. Peace.