#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
nowhere except for a completely biased person would say that evolution has been provedAnd nowhere did anyone say that evolution has been "proven." I said: "evolution is a very widely accepted scientific theory." The "debate" over the validity of the theory is considered by science to be, well, I think the technical term is "retarded."None of your points about evolution are vaguely even coherent. Of course mammals and other modern taxa evolved over hundreds of millions of years from much earlier sea-dwelling organisms. It's the "hundreds of millions of years" part that's crucial here, mate. And no, there's no reason that there would be more animals with higher-level thinking capabilities, although in fact there are good arguments to be made for a number of animals having varying degrees of "reasoning" power -- gorillas, chimps, elephants, big cats, and even parrots are quite bright compared to many other critters: bright enough to measure on "our" scale to the point where we've seen higher-level thinking behaviors akin to our own in all of them (examples include: use of sign language, use of sign language to communicate experiences that happenned prior to the acquition of sign language, primates teaching other primates to sign, the ability to identify one's own reflection as being one's own reflection, emotional expression, representational image-making . . . the list is really quite extensive). Also, dolphins are the only animal in the fossil record to have both more complex brains and a greater brain-to-body-size ratio than we do, and we really haven't a notion what they're up to with all that grey matter. But that's not really the point, since evolution functions so that better-adapted animals will, over time, reproduce more succesfully and, over greater amounts of time, diversify further. A shark doesn't need to be smart; a shark is perfectly adapted to its environment. The evolution of brains is not baffling at all; it's actually pretty well understood.