#stance=stance2
#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.
#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
Without question God is in favor of men who love him. Christians give more money to charities to than all others combined.I disagree. What is your source? I'll bet any person of any religion is just as likely as the next to give to charity. Atheists and agnostics included.Greater is He who is in me than he who is in the world. John 4 4: What's the point of quoting the Bible in a debate about god? Who is that for? Anyone who thinks like you doesn't need it, and any who don't think like you only thinks it's silly.Our founding fathers built this nation based on God, whether people want to accept it or not it's all over the and written into the constitution for people that don't agree with the doctrine than move to another country where there Constitution fits your beliefs more. No dumb dumb, our country was founded on religious freedom, not religion. Most of our forefathers were Deist, which means: "The belief, based solely on reason, in a God who created the universe and then abandoned it, assuming no control over life, exerting no influence on natural phenomena, and giving no supernatural revelation."You bible thumpers just decided to high-jack the whole thing. "In God We Trust" wasn't printed on money until 1957... 1957! for crying out loud! The only mention any of our founding documents make of a god are two instances where they refer to a "creator" which could mean any damn thing and in no way discounts the possibility of an absence of one.I mean, Benjamin Franklin once said light houses were more useful than churches. Jefferson wrote his own version of the New Testament omitting all of the Jesus stuff. Regardless of what you happen to believe, arguing our country was founded on religion is revisionist at best, and quite against the spirit of the Constitution.It's not just by coincidence that we have become the most powerful nation on every level in the shortest amount of time in history.Again, this religious revision of our past is a recent phenomenon, and we were doing quite well before you annoying drones begin shoving it down everyone's throat. I mean, name one "religious" state that isn't a third world country. Every successful nation in history has separated church and State, including ours. This Evangelical push to make everyone drink the kool-aid can only end in disaster..However the further we as a nation get further away from God the more kaos and trouble we will face as a nation, and that is happening now.bs. 1. there's no sign that this country is now any further away from your invisible dude in the sky than ever before, in fact, the religious have more power now than at any time in our history. 2. The troubles facing our nation are all real problems that praying won't help, Economy = lack of over site, War in Iraq = a president lying to us about WMD's (who was one of your types by the way, real christianly of him),Afghanistan = 9/11,Those are the three main problems we have. Notice god plays no role in any of them... well except of course that the attacks on us on 9/11 were in the name of a god.